1. A developer has created a Java application that makes HTTP requests directly to AWS services. Application logging shows 5xx HTTP response codes that occur at irregular intervals. The errors are affecting users.
How should the developer update the application to improve the application's resiliency?
  Ans: Use the AWS SDK for Java to interact with AWS APIs. (SDK has retry mechanism)

2. A global company has a mobile app with static data stored in an Amazon S3 bucket in the us-east-1 Region. The company serves the content through an Amazon CloudFront distribution. The company is launching the mobile app in South Africa. The data must reside in the af-south-1 Region. The company does not want to deploy a specific mobile client for South Africa.
What should the company do to meet these requirements?
  Ans: Create a Lambda@Edge function. Associate the Lambda@Edge function as an origin request trigger with the CloudFront distribution to change the S3 origin Region.

3. A developer is testing an AWS Lambda function by using the AWS Serverless Application Model (AWS SAM) local CLI. The application that is implemented by the Lambda function makes several AWS API calls by using the AWS software development kit (SDK). The developer wants to allow the function to make AWS API calls in a test AWS account from the developer's laptop.
What should the developer do to meet these requirements?
  Ans: Add a test profile by using the aws configure command with the --profile option. Run AWS SAM by using the sam local invoke command with the -profile option.

4. A developer designed an application on an Amazon EC2 instance. The application makes API requests to objects in an Amazon S3 bucket. Which combination of steps will ensure that the application makes the API requests in the MOST secure manner? (Choose two.)
  Ans: Create an IAM role that has permissions to the S3 bucket. 
       Add the IAM role to an instance profile. Attach the instance profile to the EC2 instance.

5. A developer is configuring an Amazon CloudFront distribution for a new application to provide encryption in transit. The application is running in the eu-west-1 Region. The developer creates a new certificate in AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) in eu-west-1, but the certificate is not visible in the CloudFront distribution settings. What should the developer do to fix this problem?
  Ans: Create the certificate in the eu-west-1 Region. Ensure that the alternate domain name (CNAME) in the distribution settings matches the domain name in the certificate.

 6. A developer is building an application that runs behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The ALB is configured as the origin for an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Users will log in to the application by using their social media accounts.
How can the developer authenticate users?
  Ans: Configure the ALB to use Amazon Cognito as one of the authentication providers. 

7. A company hosts a three-tier web application on AWS behind an Amazon CloudFront distribution. A developer wants a dashboard to monitor error rates and anomalies of the CloudFront distribution with the shortest possible refresh interval.
Which combination of steps should the developer take to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
  Ans: Activate real-time logs on the CloudFront distribution. Create a stream in Amazon Kinesis Data Streams. 
  Configure Amazon Kinesis Data Streams to deliver logs to Amazon OpenSearch Service (Amazon Elasticsearch Service). Create a dashboard in OpenSearch Dashboards (Kibana).

8. Configure Amazon Kinesis Data Streams to deliver logs to Amazon OpenSearch Service (Amazon Elasticsearch Service). Create a dashboard in OpenSearch Dashboards (Kibana).
  Ans: Create a docker-compose.yml file. Use the Elastic Beanstalk CLI to deploy the application.

9. A company is using AWS CodeDeploy for all production deployments. A developer has an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) application that uses the CodeDeployDefault.ECSAIIAtOnce configuration. The developer needs to update the production environment in increments of 10% until the entire production environment is updated. Which CodeDeploy configuration should the developer use to meet these requirements?
  Ans: CodeDeployDefault.ECSLinear10PercentEvery3Minutes

10. A company has point-of-sale devices across thousands of retail shops that synchronize sales transactions with a centralized system. The system includes an
Amazon API Gateway API that exposes an AWS Lambda function. The Lambda function processes the transactions and stores the transactions in Amazon RDS for MySQL. The number of transactions increases rapidly during the day and is near zero at night.
How can a developer increase the elasticity of the system MOST cost-effectively?
  Ans:  Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Publish transactions to the queue. Set the queue to invoke the Lambda function. Set the reserved concurrency of the Lambda function to be less than the number of database connections

11. A developer is writing an AWS Lambda function. The Lambda function needs to access items that are stored in an Amazon DynamoDB table. What is the MOST secure way to configure this access for the Lambda function? 
  Ans: Create an IAM policy that allows access to the DynamoDB table. Attach this policy to the Lambda function's IAM role

12. A development team has been using a builder server that is hosted on an Amazon EC2 instance to perform builds and deployments for the last 3 months. The EC2 instance's instance profile uses an IAM role that contains the Administrator Access managed policy. The development team must replace that policy with a policy that provides only the required permissions. What is the FASTEST way to create a custom 1AM policy for the EC2 instance to meet this requirement?
  Ans: Create a new IAM policy that includes all actions that AWS CloudTrail recorded for the IAM role in the last 3 months. 

13. A developer is writing an AWS Lambda function. The developer wants to log key events that occur during the Lambda function and include a unique identifier to associate the events with a specific function invocation.
Which of the following will help the developer accomplish this objective?
  Ans: Obtain the request identifier from the Lambda context object. Architect the application to write logs to the console. 

14. A company experienced partial downtime during the last deployment of a new application. AWS Elastic Beanstalk split the environment's Amazon EC2 instances into batches and deployed a new version one batch at a time after taking them out of service. Therefore, full capacity was not maintained during deployment.
The developer plans to release a new version of the application, and is looking for a policy that will maintain full capacity and minimize the impact of the failed deployment. Which deployment policy should the developer use?  
  Ans: Immutable

15. A company is providing services to many downstream consumers. Each consumer may connect to one or more services. This has resulted in a complex architecture that is difficult to manage and does not scale well. The company needs a single interface to manage these services to consumers. Which AWS service should be used to refactor this architecture?
  Ans: API Gateway

16. When a Developer tries to run an AWS CodeBuild project, it raises an error because the length of all environment variables exceeds the limit for the combined maximum of characters. What is the recommended solution?
  Ans: Use AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store to store large numbers of environment variables.

17. The developer is creating a web application that collects highly regulated and confidential user data through a POST request. The web application is served through Amazon CloudFront. User names and phone numbers must be encrypted at the edge and must remain encrypted throughout the entire application stack. What is the MOST secure way to meet these requirements?
  Ans: Use field-level encryption on CloudFront.

18. A Developer has been asked to create an AWS Lambda function that is triggered any time updates are made to items in an Amazon DynamoDB table. The function has been created, and appropriate permissions have been added to the Lambda execution role. Amazon DynamoDB streams have been enabled for the table, but the function is still not being triggered.
Which option would enable DynamoDB table updates to trigger the Lambda function?
  Ans: Configure event source mapping for the Lambda function

19. A company maintains a REST service using Amazon API Gateway and the API Gateway native API key validation. The company recently launched a new registration page, which allows users to sign up for the service. The registration page creates a new API key using CreateApiKey and sends the new key to the user. When the user attempts to call the API using this key, the user receives a 403 Forbidden error. Existing users are unaffected and can still call the API.
What code updates will grant these new users access to the API?
  Ans: The createUsagePlanKey method must be called to associate the newly created API key with the correct usage plan.

20. A Developer is working on an application that handles 10MB documents that contain highly-sensitive data. The application will use AWS KMS to perform client- side encryption. What steps must be followed?
  Ans: Invoke the GenerateDataKey API to retrieve the plaintext version of the data encryption key to encrypt the data

21. A Company runs continuous integration/continuous delivery (CI/CD) pipelines for its application on AWS CodePipeline. A Developer must write unit tests and run them as part of the pipelines before staging the artifacts for testing.
How should the Developer incorporate unit tests as part of CI/CD pipelines?
  Ans: Update the AWS CodeBuild specification to include a phase for running unit tests 

22. A Developer must analyze performance issues with production-distributed applications written as AWS Lambda functions. These distributed Lambda applications invoke other components that make up the applications.
How should the Developer identify and troubleshoot the root cause of the performance issues in production?
Ans: Use AWS X-Ray, then examine the segments and errors. 

23. A Developer is working on a serverless project based in Java. Initial testing shows a cold start takes about 8 seconds on average for AWS Lambda functions.
What should the Developer do to reduce the cold start time? (Choose two.)
Ans: Reduce the deployment package by including only needed modules from the AWS SDK for Java.
     Increase the memory allocation setting for the Lambda function.

24. A company runs an e-commerce website that uses Amazon DynamoDB where pricing for items is dynamically updated in real time. At any given time, multiple updates may occur simultaneously for pricing information on a particular product. This is causing the original editor's changes to be overwritten without a proper review process.
Which DynamoDB write option should be selected to prevent this overwriting?
  Ans: Conditional writes

25. A Developer must build an application that uses Amazon DynamoDB. The requirements state that the items being stored in the DynamoDB table will be 7KB in size and that reads must be strongly consistent. The maximum read rate is 3 items per second, and the maximum write rate is 10 items per second.
How should the Developer size the DynamoDB table to meet these requirements?
  Ans: Read: 6 read capacity units Write: 70 write capacity units 
       strongly consistent = 1 RCU per 4k, so 2 RCU per read and we have 3 per second, so 2x3=6 read capacity.
       Write uses 1k as its capacity, so 7k items will take 7 WCU, as we have 10 writes per second 10x7 = 70.

26. A developer is debugging an AWS Lambda function behind an Amazon API Gateway. Whenever the API Gateway endpoint is called, HTTP status code 200 is returned even though AWS Lambda is recording a 4xx error.
What change needs to be made to return a proper error code through the API Gateway?
  Ans: Use a Lambda proxy integration to return HTTP codes and headers

27. A developer is using Amazon S3 as the event source that invokes a Lambda function when new objects are created in the bucket. The event source mapping information is stored in the bucket notification configuration. The developer is working with different versions of the Lambda function, and has a constant need to update notification configuration so that Amazon S3 invokes the correct version.
What is the MOST efficient and effective way to achieve mapping between the S3 event and Lambda?
  Ans: Use a Lambda alias.

28. A company has a multi-tier application that uses Amazon API Gateway, AWS Lambda, and Amazon RDS. The company wants to investigate a slow response time to calls that come from the API Gateway API. What is the MOST operationally efficient way for the company to determine which internal call is causing the slow response times?
  Ans: Use AWS X-Ray. 

29. A developer is deploying an application that will store files in an Amazon S3 bucket. The files must be encrypted at rest. The developer wants to automatically replicate the files to an S3 bucket in a different AWS Region for disaster recovery. How can the developer accomplish this task with the LEAST amount of configuration?
  Ans: Encrypt the files by using server-side encryption with S3 managed encryption keys (SSE-S3). Enable S3 bucket replication.

30. A serverless application is using AWS Step Functions to process data and save it to a database. The application needs to validate some data with an external service before saving the data. The application will call the external service from an AWS Lambda function, and the external service will take a few hours to validate the data. The external service will respond to a webhook when the validation is complete.
A developer needs to pause the Step Functions workflow and wait for the response from the external service.
What should the developer do to meet this requirement?
  Ans: Use the .wait ForTaskToken option in the Lambda function task state. Pass the token in the body. 

31. A developer must use AWS X-Ray to monitor an application that is running on an Amazon EC2 instance. The developer has prepared the application by using the X-Ray SDK. What should the developer do to perform the monitoring?
  Ans:  Install the X-Ray daemon. Assign an IAM role to the EC2 instance with a policy that allows writes to X-Ray

32. A developer needs to use the AWS CLI on an on-premises development server temporarily to access AWS services while performing maintenance. The developer needs to authenticate to AWS with their identity for several hours.
What is the MOST secure way to call AWS CLI commands with the developer's IAM identity?
  Ans: Run the get-session-token CLI command with the developer's IAM user. Use the returned credentials to call the CLI

33. A developer is creating a serverless application that uses an AWS Lambda function The developer will use AWS CloudFormation to deploy the application The application will write logs to Amazon CloudWatch Logs. The developer has created a log group in a CloudFormation template for the application to use. The developer needs to modify the CloudFormation template to make the name of the log group available to the application at runtime.
Which solution will meet this requirement?
  Ans: Use the CloudFormation template's Mappings section to specify the log group's name for the application

34. A company is running an application on Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS). When the company deploys a new version of the application, the company initially needs to expose 10% of live traffic to the new version. After a period of time, the company needs to immediately route all the remaining live traffic to the new version.
Which ECS deployment should the company use to meet these requirements? 
  Ans: Blue/green with canary 

35. A Developer wants to track the performance of an application that runs on a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances. The Developer wants to view and track statistics across the fleet, such as the average and maximum request latency. The Developer would like to be notified immediately if the average response time exceeds a threshold. Which solution meets these requirements?
  Ans: Configure the application to write the response times to a log file. Install and configure the Amazon CloudWatch agent on the instances to stream the application log to CloudWatch Logs. 
  Create a metric
        filter of the response time from the log. View the metrics graphs in the CloudWatch console. Create a
        CloudWatch alarm to send an Amazon SNS notification when the average of the response time metric
        exceeds the threshold.

36. A Developer is testing an application locally and has deployed it to AWS Lambda. To remain under the package size limit, the dependencies were not included in the deployment file. When testing the application remotely, the function does not execute because of missing dependencies. Which approach would resolve the issue?
  Ans: Attach a layer to the Lambda function that contains the missing dependencies.

37. A company has moved a legacy on-premises application to AWS by performing a lift and shift. The application exposes a REST API that can be used to retrieve billing information. The application is running on a single Amazon EC2 instance. The application code cannot support concurrent invocations. Many clients access the API, and the company adds new clients all the time.
A developer is concerned that the application might become overwhelmed by too many requests. The developer needs to limit the number of requests to the API for all current and future clients. The developer must not change the API, the application, or the client code.
What should the developer do to meet these requirements?
  Ans: Place the API behind an Amazon API Gateway API. Set the server-side throttling limits.

38. A developer has created a web API that uses Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) and an Application Load Balancer (ALB). An Amazon CloudFront distribution uses the API as an origin for web clients. The application has received millions of requests with a JSON Web Token (JWT) that is not valid in the authorization header. The developer has scaled out the application to handle the unauthenticated requests. What should the developer do to reduce the number of unauthenticated requests to the API?
  Ans: Create a CloudFront function for the distribution Use the crypto module in the function to validate the JWT.

39. A developer has built an application that inserts data into an Amazon DynamoDB table. The table is configured to use provisioned capacity. The application is deployed on a burstable nano Amazon EC2 Instance. The application logs show that the application has been failing because of a ProvisionedThroughputExceedException error. Which actions should the developer take to resolve this issue? (Choose two.)
  Ans:  Reduce the frequency of requests to DynamoDB by implement ng exponential backoff.
  Change the capacity mode of the DynamoDB table from provisioned to on-demand

40. A developer is deploying on application on Amazon EC2 instances that run in Account A. In certain cases, this application needs to read data from a private Amazon S3 bucket in Account B. The developer must provide the application access to the S3 bucket without exposing the S3 bucket to anyone else. Which combination of actions should the developer take to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
  Ans: Update the instance profile IAM role in Account A with S3 read permissions. 
       Configure the bucket policy in Account B to grant permissions to the instance profile role.

41. A developer at a company recently created a serverless application to process and show data from business reports. The application's user interface (UI) allows users to select and start processing the flies. The UI displays a message when the result is available to view. The application uses AWS Step Functions with AWS
Lambda functions to process the files. The developer used Amazon API Gateway and Lambda functions to create an API to support the UI.
The company's UI team reports that the request to process a file s often returning timeout errors because of the size or complexity of the files. The UI team wants the API to provide an immediate response so that the UI can display a message while the files are being processed. The backend process that is invoked by the
API needs to send an email message when the report processing is complete.
What should the developer do to configure the API to meet these requirements?
  Ans: Change the API Gateway route to add an X-Amz-Invocation-Type header with a static value of 'Event' in the integration request. Deploy the API Gateway stage to apply the changes

42. A developer needs to create an application that supports Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) and authentication with social media providers. It must also allow access to AWS services, such as Amazon DynamoDB.
Which AWS service or feature will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of additional coding?
  Ans: Amazon Cognito identity pools

43. A developer received the following error message during an AWS CloudFormation deployment:
DELETE_FAILED (The following resource(s) failed to delete: [ASGInstanceRolel2345678].)
Which action should the developer take to resolve this error?
  Ans: Modify the CloudFormation template to retain the ASGInstanceRolel2345678 resource. Then manually delete the resource after deployment.

44. A software company is using AWS CodeBuild to build an application. The buildspec runs the application build and creates a Docker image that contains the application. The company needs to push the Docker image to Amazon Elastic Container Registry (Amazon ECR) only upon the completion of each successful build.
Which solution meets these requirements?
  Ans: Change the buildspec by adding a post_build phase that uses the commands block to push the Docker image.

45. A company is developing a report implemented using AWS Step Functions. Amazon CloudWatch shows errors in the Step Functions task state machine. To troubleshoot each task, the state input needs to be included along with the error message in the state output. Which coding practice can preserve both the original input and the error for the state?
  Ans: Use ResultPath in a Catch statement to include the error with the original input.

46. A company has an application that runs on AWS Elastic Beanstalk in a load-balanced environment. The company needs to update the instance types in the environment to a more recent generation of instance types. The company must minimize downtime during the deployment of this configuration change.
Which deployment options will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
  Ans:  Rolling based on Health, Immutable

47. A developer is making changes to a custom application that uses AWS Elastic Beanstalk.
Which solutions will update the Elastic Beanstalk environment with the new application version after the developer completes the changes? (Choose two.)
  Ans: Package the application code into a .zip file. Use the AWS Management Console to upload 
       the zip file and deploy the packaged application. 
       Package the application code into a .zip file. Use the AWS CLI to create a new application version from the .zip file and to update the environment. 

48. A developer uses a single AWS CloudFormation template to configure the test environment and the production environment for an application. The developer handles environment-specific requirements in the CloudFormation template.
The developer decides to update the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling launch template with new Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) for each environment. The
CloudFormation update for the new AMIs is successful in the test environment, but the update fails in the production environment.
What are the possible causes of the CloudFormation update failure in the production environment? (Choose two.)
  Ans: The new AMIs do not fulfill the specified conditions in the CloudFormation template. 
       CloudFormation does not have sufficient IAM permissions to make the changes. 

49. A developer is creating a serverless web application and maintains different branches of code. The developer wants to avoid updating the Amazon API Gateway target endpoint each time a new code push is performed. What solution would allow the developer to perform a code push efficiently, without the need to update the API Gateway?
  Ans: Create aliases and versions in AWS Lambda

50. A developer needs to deploy an application running on AWS Fargate using Amazon ECS. The application has environment variables that must be passed to a container for the application to initialize.
How should the environment variables be passed to the container?
  Ans: Define an array that includes the environment variables under the environment parameter within the task definition.

51. A developer must extend an existing application that is based on the AWS Serverless Application Model (AWS SAM). The developer has used the AWS SAM CLI to create the project. The project contains different AWS Lambda functions.
Which combination of commands must the developer use to redeploy the AWS SAM application?
  Ans: sam build, sam deploy 

52. A developer has a stateful web server on-premises that is being migrated to AWS. The developer must have greater elasticity in the new design.
How should the developer re-factor the application to make it more elastic? (Choose two.)
  Ans: Store session state data in an Amazon DynamoDB table
       Use an ELB with an Auto Scaling group

53. A company has a website that displays a daily newsletter. When a user visits the website, an AWS Lambda function processes the browser's request and queries the company's on-premises database to obtain the current newsletter. The newsletters are stored in English. The Lambda function uses the Amazon Translate
TranslateText API operation to translate the newsletters, and the translation is displayed to the user.
Due to an increase in popularity, the website's response time has slowed. The database is overloaded. The company cannot change the database and needs a solution that improves the response time of the Lambda function.
Which solution meets these requirements?
  Ans: Cache the translated newsletters in the Lambda /tmp directory.

54. A developer is creating an AWS CloudFormation template for an application. The application includes an Amazon RDS database. The password to be set for the resource's MasterUserPassword property is already stored in AWS Secrets Manager.
How can the developer reference the value of the password in the CloudFormation template?
  Ans: Use the secretsmanager dynamic reference by specifying the appropriate reference-key segment

55. A developer has created a new IAM user that has the s3:PutObject permission to write to a specific Amazon S3 bucket. The S3 bucket uses server-side encryption with AWS KMS managed keys (SSE-KMS) as the default encryption. When an application uses the access key and secret key of the IAM user to call the PutObject API operation, the application receives an access denied error.
What should the developer do to resolve this error?
  Ans: Update the policy of the IAM user to allow the kms:GenerateDataKey action

56. A company stores documents in Amazon S3 with default settings. A new regulation requires the company to encrypt the documents at rest, rotate the encryption keys annually, and keep a record of when the encryption keys were rotated. The company does not want to manage the encryption keys outside of AWS.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
  Ans: Use server-side encryption with AWS KMS managed encryption keys (SSE-KMS). 

57. A developer is using an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream to store data in Amazon S3. Before storing the data in Amazon S3, the developer wants to enrich the data by combining the data with data from an Amazon DynamoDB table. How can the developer implement the data enrichment?
  Ans: Create a Kinesis Data Firehose data transformation by using an AWS Lambda function. 

58. A company has a website that is developed in PHP and is launched using AWS Elastic Beanstalk. There is a new version of the website that needs to be deployed in the Elastic Beanstalk environment. The company cannot tolerate having the website offline if an update fails. Deployments must have minimal impact and rollback as soon as possible.
What deployment method should be used?
  Ans: Immutable 

59. A company is running a web application that is using Amazon Cognito for authentication. The company does not want to use multi-factor authentication (MFA) for all the visitors every time, but the company's security team has concerns about compromised credentials. The development team needs to configure mandatory
MFA only when suspicious sign-in attempts are detected.
Which Amazon Cognito feature will meet these requirements?
  Ans: Adaptive authentication

60. A developer is designing an Amazon DynamoDB table for an application. The application will store user information that includes a unique identifier and an email address for each user. The application must be able to query the table by using either the unique identifier or the email address.
How should the developer design the DynamoDB table to meet these requirements?
  Ans: For the primary key of the table, specify the unique identifier as the partition key. Create a global secondary index (GSI) based on the email address.

61. An application that is hosted on an Amazon EC2 instance needs access to files that are stored in an Amazon S3 bucket. The application lists the objects that are stored in the S3 bucket and displays a table to the user. During testing, a developer discovers that the application does not show any objects in the list. What is the MOST secure way to resolve this issue?
  Ans: Update the IAM instance profile that is attached to the EC2 instance to include the S3:ListBucket permission for the S3 bucket. 

62. A developer creates an AWS Lambda function to publish a message to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. All message content must be encrypted in transit and at rest between Lambda and Amazon SNS. Which combination of steps should the developer take to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
  Ans:  Enable server-side encryption on the SNS topic. 
        Add a Deny statement to the Lambda execution role. Specify the SNS topic ARN as the resource. Specify "aws:SecureTransport": "false" as the condition.

63. A developer is using an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer master key (CMK) with imported key material to encrypt data in Amazon S3. The developer accidentally deletes the key material of the CMK and is unable to decrypt the data. How can the developer decrypt the data that was encrypted by the CMK?
  Ans:  Reimport the same key material to the CMK.

64. A developer needs to launch a new Amazon EC2 instance by using the AWS CLI. Which AWS CLI command should the developer use to meet this requirement?
  Ans: aws ec2 run instances 

65. A development team uses AWS Elastic Beanstalk for application deployment. The development team has configured the application version lifecycle policy to limit the number of application versions to 25. However, even with the application version lifecycle policy, the source bundle is deleted from the Amazon S3 source bucket. What should the development team do in the Elastic Beanstalk application version lifecycle settings to retain the source code in the S3 bucket?
  Ans: Update the Elastic Beanstalk application version lifecycle policy to retain the source bundle in Amazon S3. 

66. A development team is building a new application that will run on Amazon EC2 and use Amazon DynamoDB as a storage layer. The developers all have assigned IAM user accounts in the same IAM group. The developers currently can launch EC2 instances, and they need to be able to launch EC2 instances with an instance role allowing access to Amazon DynamoDB. Which AWS IAM changes are needed when creating an instance role to provide this functionality?
  Ans: B. Create an IAM permissions policy attached to the role that allows access to DynamoDAdd a trust policy to the role that allows Amazon EC2 to assume the role. Attach a permissions policy to the development group in AWS IAM that allows developers to use the iam:PassRole permission for the role.


67. A banking application processes thousands of transactions each second. Each transaction payload must have end-to-end encryption. The application encrypts each transaction locally by using the AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) GenerateDataKey operation. A developer is testing the application and receives a ThrottlingException error. Which actions are best practices to resolve this error? (Choose two.)
  Ans: A. Use the LocalCryptoMatenalsCache feature of the AWS Encryption SDK encryption library
        C. Create a case in the AWS Support Center to increase the quota for the account.

68. A company is migrating a web application from on premises to AWS. The company needs to move session storage from the application code to a shared service as part of the migration. The session storage data must be encrypted at rest. Which AWS services meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
  Ans: Amazon ElastiCache for Redis
      Amazon DynamoDB

69. A developer is storing many objects in a single Amazon S3 bucket. The developer needs to optimize the S3 bucket for high request rates. How should the developer store the objects to meet this requirement?
  Ans:  Store the objects by using object key names distributed across multiple prefixes

70. A company has a serverless application that uses AWS Lambda functions and AWS Systems Manager parameters to store configuration data. The company moves the Lambda functions inside the VPC and into private subnets. The Lambda functions are now producing errors in their attempts to access Systems Manager parameters.
Which solution will allow the Lambda functions to access Systems Manager parameters inside the VPC?
  Ans: Create an interface VPC endpoint for Systems Manager

71. A developer wants to use AWS CodeDeploy to deploy an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) service. What are the MINIMUM properties required in the 'resources' section of the AppSpec file for CodeDeploy to deploy the ECS service successfully?
  Ans: TaskDefinition, ContainerName, and ContainerPort

72. A developer is writing a web application that is deployed on Amazon EC2 instances behind an internet-facing Application Load Balancer (ALB). The developer must add an Amazon CloudFront distribution in front of the ALB. The developer also must ensure that customer data from outside the VPC is encrypted in transit.
Which combination of CloudFront configuration settings should the developer use to meet these requirements?
  Ans: Set the Origin Protocol Policy setting to Match Viewer.
       Set the Viewer Protocol Policy setting to Redirect HTTP to HTTPS

73. A financial company must store original customer records for 10 years for legal reasons. A complete record contains personally identifiable information (PII). According to local regulations. PII is available to only certain people in the company and must not be shared with third parties. The company needs to make the records available to third-party organizations for statistical analysis without sharing the PII.
A developer wants to store the original immutable record in Amazon S3. Depending on who accesses the S3 document, the document should be returned as is or with all the PII removed. The developer has written an AWS Lambda function to remove the PII from the document. The function is named removePii.
What should the developer do so that the company can meet the PII requirements while maintaining only one copy of the document?
  Ans: Create an S3 Object Lambda access point from the S3 console. Select the removePii function. Use S3 Access Points to access the object without PII.

74. A developer is using AWS Elastic Beanstalk to create a deployment for a web application that supports ecommerce. According to a company requirement. Amazon EC2 instances that host one version of the application must be retired when the deployment of a new version is complete.
Which deployment methods can the developer use to meet this requirement? (Choose two.)
  Ans: Blue/green deployment 
       Immutable deployment 

75. A developer is designing a serverless application that customers use to select seats for a concert venue. Customers send the ticket requests to an Amazon API Gateway API with an AWS Lambda function that acknowledges the order and generates an order ID. The application includes two additional Lambda functions: one for inventory management and one for payment processing. These two Lambda functions run in parallel and write the order to an Amazon Dynamo DB table.
The application must provide seats to customers according to the following requirements. If a seat is accidently sold more than once, the first order that the application received must get the seat. In these cases, the application must process the payment for only the first order. However, if the first order is rejected during payment processing, the second order must get the seat. In these cases, the application must process the payment for the second order.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
  Ans: Send the order ID to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) FIFO topic that fans out to one Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queue for inventory management and another SQS FIFO queue for payment processing

76. A developer wants to implement authentication using Amazon Cognito user pools for an existing API in Amazon API Gateway. After creating the Amazon Cognito user pool, the developer tests the GET request to the API. Unauthenticated requests to the API return a 200 OK status response.
Which combination of additional steps are required to complete the authentication implementation? (Choose two.)
  Ans: Create an Amazon Cognito authorizer in API Gateway and specify the Amazon Cognito user pool
       Specify the authorizer in the GET method section of API Gateway and redeploy the API

77. A developer is creating an Amazon DynamoDB table. The entire table must be encrypted at rest. Which solution will meet this requirement MOST cost-effectively?
  Ans: Create the DynamoDB table by using default encryption settings

78. A company configures an Amazon S3 bucket to deliver S3 object events to Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events). An EventBridge rule invokes an AWS Lambda function for each object event that is received from the S3 bucket.
A developer is working on a new version of the Lambda function. To ensure that the new Lambda function works as expected, the developer must run a repeatable test that uses realistic S3 bucket object events. The developer must minimize the amount of code and infrastructure that are required to support the test.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
  Ans: Use EventBridge to archive and replay production S3 object events. Set up a new EventBridge rule to deliver replayed S3 object events to the new Lambda function.

79. A company is using an Amazon API Gateway REST API endpoint as a webhook to publish events from an on-premises source control management (SCM) system to Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events). The company has configured an EventBridge (CloudWatch Events) rule to listen for the events and to control application deployment in a central AWS account. The company needs to receive the same events across multiple receiver AWS accounts.
How can a developer meet these requirements without changing the configuration of the SCM system?
  Ans: Grant permission to the central AWS account for EventBridge (CloudWatch Events)to access the receiver AWS accounts. Add an EventBridge (CloudWatch Events) event bus on the receiver AWS accounts as the targets to the existing EventBridge (CloudWatch Events) rule

80. A company is developing an application that will be accessed through the Amazon API Gateway REST API. Registered users should be the only ones who can access certain resources of this API. The token being used should expire automatically and needs to be refreshed periodically.
How can a developer meet these requirements?
  Ans: Create an Amazon Cognito user pool, configure the Cognito Authorizer in API Gateway, and use the identity or access token

81. A company has an Amazon S3 bucket that contains sensitive data. The data must be encrypted in transit and at rest. The company encrypts the data in the S3 bucket by using an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key. A developer needs to grant several other AWS accounts the permission to use the S3 GetObject operation to retrieve the data from the S3 bucket.
How can the developer enforce that all requests to retrieve the data provide encryption in transit?
  Ans: Define a resource-based policy on the S3 bucket to deny access when a request meets the condition "aws:SecureTransport": "false"

82. A developer is deploying an application in the AWS Cloud by using AWS CloudFormation. The application will connect to an existing Amazon RDS database. The hostname of the RDS database is stored in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store as a plaintext value. The developer needs to incorporate the database hostname into the CloudFormation template to initialize the application when the stack is created.
How should the developer reference the parameter that contains the database hostname?
  Ans: Use the ssm dynamic reference

83. A developer is building a new complex application on AWS. The application consists of multiple microservices hosted on Amazon EC2. The developer wants to determine which microservice adds the most latency while handling a request.
Which method should the developer use to make this determination?
  Ans: Instrument each microservice request using the AWS X-Ray SDK. Examine the annotations associated with the requests.

84. A developer is deploying an application on Amazon EC2 instances that run in Account A. The application needs to read data from an existing Amazon Kinesis data stream in Account B.
Which actions should the developer take to provide the application with access to the stream? (Choose two.)
  Ans: Create an IAM role with stream read permissions in Account B
       Add a trust policy to the instance profile role and IAM role in Account B to allow the instance profile role to assume the IAM role.

85. A company is using AWS CloudFormation templates to deploy AWS resources. The company needs to update one of its AWS CloudFormation stacks. What can the company do to find out how the changes will impact the resources that are running?
  Ans: Investigate the change set 

86. A developer is building an application integrating an Amazon API Gateway with an AWS Lambda function. When calling the API. the developer receives the following error:
Wed Nov 08 01:13:00 UTC 2017 : Method completed with status: 502
What should the developer do to resolve the error?
  Ans: Change the format of the Lambda function response to the API call

87. A company’s social media application stores image files in an Amazon S3 bucket. All the images are stored in S3 Standard storage. Users access images frequently during the first week after images are uploaded. Users rarely access images that were uploaded more than 1 week ago.
The company needs a solution to reduce the application’s storage cost. Users must be able to access all images in the same amount of time, regardless of when the images were uploaded.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of effort?
  Ans: Modify the application to use S3 Intelligent-Tiering for all the images

88. A development team is designing a mobile app that requires multi-factor authentication. Which steps should be taken to achieve this? (Choose two.)
  Ans: Use Amazon Cognito to create a user pool and create users in the user pool.
       Enable multi-factor authentication for the Amazon Cognito user pool.

89. A team of developers must migrate an application running inside an AWS Elastic Beanstalk environment from a Classic Load Balancer to an Application Load Balancer.
Which steps should be taken to accomplish the task using the AWS Management Console?
  Ans:  1. Create a new environment with the same configurations except for the load balancer type.
        2. Deploy the same application version as used in the original environment.
        3. Run the swap-environment-cnames action

       
90. A company stores the photographs in an Amazon S3 bucket. The company wants to resize the photographs automatically after writing the photographs to the S3 bucket. The company creates an AWS Lambda function to resize the photographs. Which solution will meet these requirements?
  Ans: Configure S3 Event Notifications to invoke the Lambda function 

91. A company wants to migrate its web application to AWS and leverage auto scaling to handle peak workloads. The solutions architect determined that the best metric for an auto scaling event is the number of concurrent users.
Based on this information, what should the developer use to auto scale based on concurrent users?
  Ans:  A custom Amazon CloudWatch metric for concurrent users

92. A developer is storing sensitive data generated by an application in Amazon S3. The developer wants to encrypt the data at rest A company policy requires an audit trail of when the AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key was used and by whom.
Which encryption option will meet these requirements?
  Ans: Server-side encryption with AWS KMS managed keys (SSE-KMS) 

93. An AWS Lambda function that Is running in a test environment is not working property. However, there is no error associated with the Lambda function in the Amazon CloudWatch logs for the account. The Lambda function's permissions do not include a resource-based policy. The Lambda function's execution role has properly configured trust relationships and has no permissions policies attached.
Which action should a developer take to allow logs for the Lambda function to appear in CloudWatch?
  Ans:  Attach the AWSLambdaBasicExecutionRole managed policy to the Lambda function's execution role. 