Practice Test 1
https://cognizant.udemy.com/course/aws-developer-associate-practice-exams/learn/quiz/4852734/result/1155601396#overview

1. A developer is setting up the primary key for an Amazon DynamoDB table that logs a company's purchases from various suppliers. Each transaction is recorded with these attributes: supplierId, transactionTime, item, and unitCost.
Which primary key configuration will be valid in this case?
Ans: A composite primary key with supplierId as the partition key and transactionTime as the sort key

2. A Developer is creating a new web application that will be deployed using AWS Elastic Beanstalk from the AWS Management Console. The Developer is about to create a source bundle which will be uploaded using the console. Which of the following are valid requirements for creating the source bundle? (Select TWO.)
Ans: Must not include a parent folder or top-level directory
     Must not exceed 512 MB

3. A developer is updating an Amazon ECS app that uses an ALB with two target groups and a single listener. The developer has an AppSpec file in an S3 bucket and an AWS CodeDeploy deployment group tied to the ALB and AppSpec file. The developer needs to use an AWS Lambda function for update validation before deployment. Which solution meets these requirements?
Ans: Add a listener to the ALB. Update the AppSpec file to link the Lambda function to the BeforeAllowTraffic lifecycle hook

The AppSpec file allows a developer to specify scripts to be run at different lifecycle hooks. The BeforeAllowTraffic lifecycle event occurs before the updated task set is moved to the target group that is receiving live traffic. So, any validation before production deployment should be configured at this lifecycle event. The listener is configured at the ALB level, not at the deployment group.

4. A Developer is designing a fault-tolerant application that will use Amazon EC2 instances and an Elastic Load Balancer. The Developer needs to ensure that if an EC2 instance fails session data is not lost. How can this be achieved? 
Ans: Use Amazon DynamoDB to perform scalable session handling

5. A Developer is deploying an application in a microservices architecture on Amazon ECS. The Developer needs to choose the best task placement strategy to MINIMIZE the number of instances that are used. Which task placement strategy should be used? 
Ans: binpack 

6. A company has a large Amazon DynamoDB table which they scan periodically so they can analyze several attributes. The scans are consuming a lot of provisioned throughput. What technique can a Developer use to minimize the impact of the scan on the table's provisioned throughput?
Ans: Set a smaller page size for the scan

7. A developer is using AWS CodeBuild to build an application into a Docker image. The buildspec file is used to run the application build. The developer needs to push the Docker image to an Amazon ECR repository only upon the successful completion of each build.
Ans: Add a post_build phase to the buildspec file that uses the commands block to push the Docker image

8. An organization handles data that requires high availability in its relational database. The main headquarters for the organization is in Virginia with smaller offices located in California. The main headquarters uses the data more frequently than the smaller offices. How should the developer configure their databases to meet high availability standards?
Ans: Create an Aurora database with the primary database in Virginia and specify the failover to the Aurora replica in another AZ in Virginia

9. A developer is responsible for a business critical application that uses Amazon DynamoDB as its main data repository. This DynamoDB table holds millions of records and handles high volumes of requests. The developer must implement near-real time processing on the records as soon as they are inserted or modified in the DynamoDB table. What's the most efficient way to introduce this capability with MINIMUM modification to the existing application code?
Ans: Use AWS Lambda triggered by DynamoDB Streams to process the documents

10. A developer is partitioning data using Athena to improve performance when performing queries. What are two things the analyst can do that would counter any benefit of using partitions?
Ans: Segmenting data too finely, Skewing data heavily to one partition value

11. A serverless application uses an AWS Lambda function to process Amazon S3 events. The Lambda function executes 20 times per second and takes 20 seconds to complete each execution. How many concurrent executions will the Lambda function require?
Ans: 400

12. A company is migrating to the AWS Cloud and needs to build a managed Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) using AWS services. The solution must support the following features:
     - IAM integration.
     - Auditing with AWS CloudTrail.
     - Private certificates.
     - Subordinate certificate authorities (CAs).
Which solution should the company use to meet these requirements?
Ans: AWS Private Certificate Authority

13. A programmer has designed an AWS Lambda function that retrieves resources within a VPC. This Lambda function fetches new messages from an Amazon SQS queue. It then computes a cumulative average of the numerical data within the messages. After the initial Lambda function tests, the programmer discovered the computed cumulative average was not consistent. What should the programmer do to ascertain the accuracy of the cumulative average computed by the function?
Ans: Set the provisioned concurrency of the function to 1. Compute the cumulative average within the function. Retain the computed cumulative average in Amazon ElastiCache
(Setting the provisioned concurrency of the function to 1 ensures that only one instance of the function will be operating at any given time)

14. A developer is running queries on Hive-compatible partitions in Athena using DDL but is facing time out issues. What is the most effective and efficient way to prevent this from continuing to happen?
Ans: Use the MSCK REPAIR TABLE command to update the metadata in the catalog

15. A company is deploying a microservices application on AWS Fargate using Amazon ECS. The application has environment variables that must be passed to a container for the application to initialize. How should the environment variables be passed to the container?
Ans: Use advanced container definition parameters and define environment variables under the environment parameter within the task definition

16. A developer has deployed an application on AWS Lambda. The application uses Python and must generate and then upload a file to an Amazon S3 bucket. The developer must implement the upload functionality with the least possible change to the application code. Which solution BEST meets these requirements?
Ans: Use the AWS SDK for Python that is installed in the Lambda execution environment

17. An application deployed on AWS Elastic Beanstalk experienced increased error rates during deployments of new application versions, resulting in service degradation for users. The Development team believes that this is because of the reduction in capacity during the deployment steps. The team would like to change the deployment policy configuration of the environment to an option that maintains full capacity during deployment while using the existing instances. Which deployment policy will meet these requirements while using the existing instances?
Ans: Rolling with additional batch

18. An e-commerce web application that shares session state on-premises is being migrated to AWS. The application must be fault tolerant, natively highly scalable, and any service interruption should not affect the user experience. What is the best option to store the session state?
Ans: Store the session state in Amazon ElastiCache

19. A company is deploying a static website hosted from an Amazon S3 bucket. The website must support encryption in-transit for website visitors. Which combination of actions must the Developer take to meet this requirement? (Select TWO.)
Ans: Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Set the S3 bucket as an origin
     Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution with an SSL/TLS certificate

20. A Developer will be launching several Docker containers on a new Amazon ECS cluster using the EC2 Launch Type. The containers will all run a web service on port 80. What is the EASIEST way the Developer can configure the task definition to ensure the web services run correctly and there are no port conflicts on the host instances?
Ans: Specify port 80 for the container port and port 0 for the host port

21. A Developer has used a third-party tool to build, bundle, and package a software package on-premises. The software package is stored in a local file system and must be deployed to Amazon EC2 instances. How can the application be deployed onto the EC2 instances?
Ans: Upload the bundle to an Amazon S3 bucket and specify the S3 location when doing a deployment using AWS CodeDeploy

22. An ecommerce company manages a storefront that uses an Amazon API Gateway API which exposes an AWS Lambda function. The Lambda functions processes orders and stores the orders in an Amazon RDS for MySQL database. The number of transactions increases sporadically during marketing campaigns, and then goes close to zero during quite times. How can a developer increase the elasticity of the system MOST cost-effectively?
Ans: Migrate from Amazon RDS to Amazon Aurora MySQL. Use an Aurora Auto Scaling policy to scale read replicas based on average connections of Aurora Replicas

23. A business is providing its clients read-only permissions to items within an Amazon S3 bucket, utilizing IAM permissions to limit access to this S3 bucket. Clients are only permitted to access their specific files. Regulatory compliance necessitates the enforcement of in-transit encryption during communication with Amazon S3. What solution will fulfill these criteria?
Ans: Update the S3 bucket policy to include a condition that requires aws:SecureTransport for all actions

24. A Developer is setting up a code update to Amazon ECS using AWS CodeDeploy. The Developer needs to complete the code update quickly. Which of the following deployment types should the Developer use?
Ans: Blue/green

25. A Developer is deploying an AWS Lambda update using AWS CodeDeploy. In the appspec.yaml file, which of the following is a valid structure for the order of hooks that should be specified?
Ans: BeforeAllowTraffic > AfterAllowTraffic

26. A developer is working on an application that must save hundreds of sensitive files. The application needs to encrypt each file using a unique key before storing it. What should the developer do to implement this in the application?
Ans: Use the AWS KMS GenerateDataKey API to acquire a data key, use the data key to encrypt the data, and store both the encrypted data key and the data

27. A critical application runs on an Amazon EC2 instance. A Developer has configured a custom Amazon CloudWatch metric that monitors application availability with a data granularity of 1 second. The Developer must be notified within 30 seconds if the application experiences any issues. What should the Developer do to meet this requirement?
Ans: Configure a high-resolution CloudWatch alarm and use Amazon SNS to send the alert

28. A review of Amazon CloudWatch metrics shows that there are a high number of reads taking place on a primary database built on Amazon Aurora with MySQL. What can a developer do to improve the read scaling of the database?
Ans: Create Aurora Replicas in same cluster as the primary database instance
     Create a separate Aurora MySQL cluster and configure binlog replication

29. To reduce the cost of API actions performed on an Amazon SQS queue, a Developer has decided to implement long polling. Which of the following modifications should the Developer make to the API actions?
Ans: Set the ReceiveMessage API with a WaitTimeSeconds of 20

30. A Development team wants to run their container workloads on Amazon ECS. Each application container needs to share data with another container to collect logs and metrics. What should the Development team do to meet these requirements?
Ans: Create one task definition. Specify both containers in the definition. Mount a shared volume between those two containers

31. A Developer is writing code to run in a cron job on an Amazon EC2 instance that sends status information about the application to Amazon CloudWatch. Which method should the Developer use?
Ans: Use the AWS CLI put-metric-data command

32. A Developer is writing an imaging microservice on AWS Lambda. The service is dependent on several libraries that are not available in the Lambda runtime environment.
Ans: Create a ZIP file with the source code and all dependent libraries

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Practice Test 2 

1. A junior developer has been assigned the project of making updates to a current application using AWS Cloud Development Kit (CDK). How can the developer revert to a previous version if there is an error?
     Ans: Only make changes in the deployment phase, and never during synthesis
          (Synthesis is the process of converting AWS CDK stacks to AWS CloudFormation templates and assets. Changes should only be during the deployment phase and after AWS CloudFormation template has been created. This will allow it to roll back the change if there are any problems.)

2. A serverless application uses an IAM role to authenticate and authorize access to an Amazon DynamoDB table. A Developer is troubleshooting access issues affecting the application. The Developer has access to the IAM role that the application is using.
Which of the following commands will help the Developer to test the role permissions using the AWS CLI?
     Ans: aws sts assume-role (enable the Developer to assume the role and gain temporary security credentials. The Developer can then use those security credentials to troubleshoot access issues that are affecting the application)

3. A Developer is building a WebSocket API using Amazon API Gateway. The payload sent to this API is JSON that includes an action key which can have multiple values. The Developer must integrate with different routes based on the value of the action key of the incoming JSON payload.
How can the Developer accomplish this task with the LEAST amount of configuration?
     Ans: Set the value of the route selection expression to $request.body.action

4. A developer is creating a serverless web application that includes AWS Lambda functions and a REST API deployed using Amazon API Gateway. The developer maintains multiple branches of code. The developer wants to avoid updating the API gateway target endpoint when a new code push is performed.
What solution would allow the developer to update the Lambda code without needing to update the REST API configuration?
     Ans: Create aliases and versions in AWS Lambda

5. Twelve months ago, an organization requested a public certificate for their domain via AWS Certificate Manager (ACM). It was validated using DNS validation. What will ACM do prior to expiration? (Select TWO.)
     Ans: If the certificate is being used by an AWS service and ACM-provided CNAME records are accessible via the public DNS, ACM will consider the domain name validated and auto renew the certificate
     If the domain is not validated, it will send Health events or EventBridge events to notify the domain owner prior to expiration

6. A start-up organization imported their X.509 certificate from another issuer into AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) approximately 11 months ago. What needs to be done to ensure that visitors will continue to have secure access to the website? (Select TWO.)
     Ans: A new certificate will need to be requested from ACM
          A new certificate will need to be imported into ACM

7. A Developer has created an Amazon S3 bucket and uploaded some objects that will be used for a publicly available static website. What steps MUST be performed to configure the bucket as a static website? (Select TWO.)
     Ans: Upload an index document and enter the name of the index document when enabling static website hosting
          Enable public access and grant everyone the s3:GetObject permissions

8. A company has deployed a REST API using Amazon API Gateway with a Lambda authorizer. The company needs to log who has accessed the API and how the caller accessed the API. They also require logs that include errors and execution traces for the Lambda authorizer. Which combination of actions should the Developer take to meet these requirements? (Select TWO.)
     Ans: Enable API Gateway execution logging
          Enable API Gateway access logs
     
9. A company maintains a REST API service using Amazon API Gateway with native API key validation. The company recently launched a new registration page, which allows users to sign up for the service. The registration page creates a new API key using CreateApiKey and sends the new key to the user. When the user attempts to call the API using this key, the user receives a 403 Forbidden error. Existing users are unaffected and can still call the API. What code updates will grant these new users’ access to the API?
     Ans: The createUsagePlanKey method must be called to associate the newly created API key with the correct usage plan

10. An AWS Lambda function is being developed in a VPC. When a file is added to an Amazon S3 bucket, this Lambda function is triggered, processes the file, and logs the results into a file. These result and log files need to be accessible by other AWS services and on-premises resources.
What should the developer use to meet these requirements?
     Ans: Keep the result and log files in Amazon Elastic File System (EFS) accessible by Lambda functions

11. An application running on Amazon EC2 generates a large number of small files (1KB each) containing personally identifiable information that must be converted to ciphertext. The data will be stored on a proprietary network-attached file system. What is the SAFEST way to encrypt the data using AWS KMS?
     Ans: Encrypt the data directly with a customer managed customer master key

12. A developer received the following error message during an AWS CloudFormation deployment:
DELETE_FAILED (The following resource(s) failed to delete: (sg-11223344).)
Which action should the developer take to resolve this error?
     Ans: Modify the CloudFormation template to retain the security group resource. Then manually delete the resource after deployment

13. A developer is using AWS AppConfig to deploy an application. The application's data needs to be encrypted when at rest. Which statement describes how this requirement is met?
     Ans: Data is automatically encrypted using AWS owned keys. This cannot be disabled. The developer can add an additional layer of encryption using customer managed keys

14. A company runs a popular website behind an Amazon CloudFront distribution that uses an Application Load Balancer as the origin. The Developer wants to set up custom HTTP responses to 404 errors for content that has been removed from the origin that redirects the users to another page.
The Developer wants to use an AWS Lambda@Edge function that is associated with the current CloudFront distribution to accomplish this goal. The solution must use a minimum amount of resources. Which CloudFront event type should the Developer use to invoke the Lambda@Edge function that contains the redirect logic?
     Ans: Origin responses

15. A development team is working with Amazon MemoryDB for Redis. The team lead wants to limit the default access of the service-linked role and implement a custom-managed policy instead. What needs to be done prior to making this change?
     Ans: The team lead would need to have permission to call `iam:createServiceLinkedRole

16. A new application will be hosted on the domain name dctlabs.com using an Amazon API Gateway REST API front end. The Developer needs to configure the API with a path to dctlabs.com/products that will be accessed using the HTTP GET verb. How MUST the Developer configure the API? (Select TWO
     Ans: Create a /products resource
          Create a GET method

17. A developer is configuring health checks using Amazon Route 53 and needs to set values to determine the health of critical endpoints. What is the parameter that Amazon Route 53 reviews before deciding if an endpoint is unhealthy?
     Ans: failure threshold

18. A start-up has launched a website using Route 53 for domain name, routing, and health checks. They failed to configure Amazon CloudWatch alarms with the health checks. How can the organization be made aware of any endpoint health issues?
     Ans: They can see the status of Route 53 health checks on the Route 53 dashboard

19. Customers who use a REST API have reported performance issues. A Developer needs to measure the time between when API Gateway receives a request from a client and when it returns a response to the client. Which metric should the Developer monitor?
     Ans: Latency (Latency = integration latency + other gateway overhead)

20. A company is deploying a serverless application on AWS, using an AWS Lambda function for handling customer orders. This function utilizes an external HTTP API for processing payments, which occasionally times out. The requirement is to notify the support team via an existing Amazon SNS topic when the error rate of this API surpasses 10% per hour. How can this be achieved?
     Ans: Implement Amazon CloudWatch Metrics with a custom threshold and link it to the existing SNS topic

21. A Developer is deploying an application using Docker containers running on the Amazon Elastic Container Service (ECS). The Developer is testing application latency and wants to capture trace information between the microservices. Which solution will meet these requirements?
     Ans: Create a Docker image that runs the X-Ray daemon, upload it to a Docker image repository, and then deploy it to the Amazon ECS cluster.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Practice Test 3 

1. A Developer is creating a DynamoDB table for storing application logs. The table has 5 write capacity units (WCUs). The Developer needs to configure the read capacity units (RCUs) for the table. Which of the following configurations represents the most efficient use of throughput? 
     Ans: Eventually consistent reads of 5 RCUs reading items that are 4 KB in size

2. An application uses an Auto Scaling group of Amazon EC2 instances, an Application Load Balancer (ALB), and an Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) queue. An Amazon CloudFront distribution caches content for global users. A Developer needs to add in-transit encryption to the data by configuring end-to-end SSL between the CloudFront Origin and the end users.
How can the Developer meet this requirement? (Select TWO.)
     Ans: Configure the Viewer Protocol Policy (Enable SSL between end user and Cloudfront)
          Configure the Origin Protocol Policy (Enable SSL between origin and distribution)

3. A Developer is designing a fault-tolerant environment where client sessions will be saved. How can the Developer ensure that no sessions are lost if an Amazon EC2 instance fails?
     Ans: Use Amazon DynamoDB to perform scalable session handling 

4. A developer plan to deploy an application on Amazon ECS that uses the AWS SDK to make API calls to Amazon DynamoDB. In the development environment the application was configured with access keys. The application is now ready for deployment to a production cluster.
How should the developer configure the application to securely authenticate to AWS services?
     Ans: Configure an ECS task IAM role for the application to use

5. An application uses both Amazon EC2 instances and on-premises servers. The on-premises servers are a critical component of the application, and a developer wants to collect metrics and logs from these servers. The developer would like to use Amazon CloudWatch. How can the developer accomplish this?
     Ans: Install the CloudWatch agent on the on-premises servers and specify IAM credentials with permissions to CloudWatch

6. A gaming company is building an application to track the scores for their games using an Amazon DynamoDB table. Each item in the table is identified by a partition key
(user_id) and a sort key (game_name). The table also includes the attribute “TopScore”.
A Developer has been asked to write a leaderboard application to display the highest achieved scores for each game (game_name), based on the score identified in the “TopScore” attribute.
What process will allow the Developer to extract results MOST efficiently from the DynamoDB table?
     Ans: Create a global secondary index with a partition key of “game_name” and a sort key of “TopScore” and get the results based on the score attribute

7. A company is planning to use AWS CodeDeploy to deploy a new AWS Lambda function. What are the MINIMUM properties required in the 'resources' section of the AppSpec file for CodeDeploy to deploy the function successfully?
     Ans: name, alias, currentversion, and targetversion

8. A financial application is hosted on an Auto Scaling group of EC2 instance with an Elastic Load Balancer. A Developer needs to capture information about the IP traffic going to and from network interfaces in the VPC. How can the Developer capture this information?
     Ans: Create a flow log in the VPC and publish data to Amazon S3 (can also be published in Cloudwatch logs)

9. An application is being migrated into the cloud. The application is stateless and will run on a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances. The application should scale elastically. How can a Developer ensure that the number of instances available is sufficient for current demand?
     Ans: Create a launch configuration and use Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling

10. A Developer is designing a cloud native application. The application will use several AWS Lambda functions that will process items that the functions read from an event source. Which AWS services are supported for Lambda event source mappings? (Select THREE.)
     Ans: Kinesis, SQS, DynamoDB 

11. A Developer is creating an AWS Lambda function that will process data from an Amazon Kinesis data stream. The function is expected to be invoked 50 times per second and take 100 seconds to complete each request. What MUST the Developer do to ensure the functions runs without errors?
     Ans: Contact AWS and request to increase the limit for concurrent executions
     [Concurrency limit cannot be increased as default account limit of 1,000 concurrent executions will mean you can only assign up to 900 executions to the function (100 must be left unreserved)]

12. A company is running a web application on Amazon EC2 behind an Elastic Load Balancer (ELB). The company is concerned about the security of the web application and would like to secure the application with SSL certificates. The solution should not have any performance impact on the EC2 instances. What steps should be taken to secure the web application? (Select TWO.)
     Ans: Add an SSL certificate to the Elastic Load Balancer
          Configure the Elastic Load Balancer for SSL termination

13. A team of Developers are building a continuous integration and delivery pipeline using AWS Developer Tools. Which services should they use for running tests against source code and installing compiled code on their AWS resources? (Select TWO.)
     Ans: AWS CodeBuild for running tests against source code
          AWS CodeDeploy for installing compiled code on their AWS resources

14. A Development team has deployed several applications running on an Auto Scaling fleet of Amazon EC2 instances. The Operations team have asked for a display that shows a key performance metric for each application on a single screen for monitoring purposes.
What steps should a Developer take to deliver this capability using Amazon CloudWatch?
     Ans: Create a custom namespace with a unique metric name for each application

15. An application uses Amazon API Gateway, an AWS Lambda function and a DynamoDB table. The developer requires that another Lambda function is triggered when an item lifecycle activity occurs in the DynamoDB table. How can this be achieved?
     Ans: Enable a DynamoDB stream and trigger the Lambda function synchronously from the stream

16. An application has been instrumented to use the AWS X-Ray SDK to collect data about the requests the application serves. The Developer has set the user field on segments to a string that identifies the user who sent the request.
How can the Developer search for segments associated with specific users?
     Ans: By using the GetTraceSummaries API with a filter expression

17. A company wants to implement authentication for its new REST service using Amazon API Gateway. To authenticate the calls, each request must include HTTP headers with a client ID and user ID. These credentials must be compared to authentication data in an Amazon DynamoDB table.
What MUST the company do to implement this authentication in API Gateway?
     Ans: Implement an AWS Lambda authorizer that references the DynamoDB authentication table

18. An application is instrumented to generate traces using AWS X-Ray and generates a large amount of trace data. A Developer would like to use filter expressions to filter the results to specific key-value pairs added to custom subsegments.
How should the Developer add the key-value pairs to the custom subsegments?
     Ans: Add annotations to the custom subsegments (Annotations are indexed for use with filter expressions)

19. A Developer is creating a database solution using an Amazon ElastiCache caching layer. The solution must provide strong consistency to ensure that updates to product data are consistent between the backend database and the ElastiCache cache. Low latency performance is required for all items in the database. Which cache writing policy will satisfy these requirements?
     Ans: Use a write-through caching strategy

20. An engineer is constructing an AWS Lambda function and intends to log specific key events that transpire during the function's execution. To correlate the events with a particular function invocation, the engineer is looking to incorporate a unique identifier.
The following code segment has been added to the Lambda function:
     function handler (event, context) {

     }
     Ans: Use context.awsRequestId within the function to fetch the unique identifier associated with each invocation

21. A Developer has completed some code updates and needs to deploy the updates to an Amazon Elastic Beanstalk environment. The environment includes twelve Amazon EC2 instances and there can be no reduction in application performance and availability during the update.
Which deployment policy is the most cost-effective choice to suit these requirements?
     Ans: Rolling with additional batch

22. An Amazon API Gateway API developer aims to integrate request validation in a production setting but wants to test it before deployment. Which of the following methods offers the least operational overhead for testing via a tool by sending test requests?
     Ans: Modify the existing API to include request validation, deploy this to a new API Gateway stage, test it, then deploy it to the production stage

23. A website is running on a single Amazon EC2 instance. A Developer wants to publish the website on the Internet and is creating an A record on Amazon Route 53 for the website’s public DNS name.
What type of IP address MUST be assigned to the EC2 instance and used in the A record to ensure ongoing connectivity?
     Ans: Elastic IP (public address that is static)

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Practice test 4

1. A Developer has updated an AWS Lambda function and published a new version. To ensure the code is working as expected the Developer needs to initially direct a percentage of traffic to the new version and gradually increase this over time. It is important to be able to rollback if there are any issues reported.
What is the BEST way the Developer can implement the migration to the new version SAFELY?
     Ans: Create an Alias, assign the current and new versions and use traffic shifting to assign a percentage of traffic to the new version

2. A company is creating a REST service using an Amazon API Gateway with AWS Lambda integration. The service must run different versions for testing purposes.
What would be the BEST way to accomplish this?
     Ans: Deploy the API version as unique stages with unique endpoints and use stage variables to provide further context

3. A Developer manages a monitoring service for a fleet of IoT sensors in a major city. The monitoring application uses an Amazon Kinesis Data Stream with a group of EC2 instances processing the data. Amazon CloudWatch custom metrics show that the instances a reaching maximum processing capacity and there are insufficient shards in the Data Stream to handle the rate of data flow.
What course of action should the Developer take to resolve the performance issues?
     Ans: Increase the EC2 instance size and add shards to the stream

4. A developer is in the process of revising multiple AWS Lambda functions and notes that these functions utilize the same bespoke libraries. The developer intends to centralize these libraries, implement updates with minimal effort, and keep the libraries version controlled.
Which solution aligns with these needs while requiring the least development effort?
     Ans: Create a Lambda layer including all the custom libraries

5. A development team have deployed a new application and users have reported some performance issues. The developers need to enable monitoring for specific metrics with a data granularity of one second. How can this be achieved?
     Ans: Create custom metrics and configure them as high resolution

6. An AWS Lambda function requires several environment variables with secret values. The secret values should be obscured in the Lambda console and API output even for users who have permission to use the key.
What is the best way to achieve this outcome and MINIMIZE complexity and latency?
     Ans: Encrypt the secret values client-side using encryption helpers

7. A serverless application is used to process customer information and outputs a JSON file to an Amazon S3 bucket. AWS Lambda is used for processing the data. The data is sensitive and should be encrypted.
How can a Developer modify the Lambda function to ensure the data is encrypted before it is uploaded to the S3 bucket?
     Ans: Use the GenerateDataKey API, then use the data key to encrypt the file using the Lambda code

8. A company is in the process of migrating an application from a monolithic architecture to a microservices-based architecture. The developers need to refactor the application so that the many microservices can asynchronously communicate with each other in a decoupled manner.
Which AWS services can be used for asynchronous message passing?
     Ans: SNS, SQS 

9. An AWS developer is building an application that processes sensitive personally identifiable information (PII). The application operates on AWS Lambda and writes diagnostic data to Amazon CloudWatch. However, the developer wants to ensure that PII is not accidentally logged in CloudWatch.
What strategy should the developer adopt to ensure this?
     Ans: Use Amazon Macie to regularly scan and identify any PII within the logs

10. A Developer is writing a web application that allows users to view images from an Amazon S3 bucket. The users will log in with their Amazon login, as well as Facebook and/or Google accounts. How can the Developer provide this authentication capability?
     Ans: Use Amazon Cognito with web identity federation

11. A Developer is creating a service on Amazon ECS and needs to ensure that each task is placed on a different container instance. How can this be achieved?
     Ans: Use a task placement constraint

12. A Developer needs to write some code to invoke an AWS Lambda function using the AWS Command Line Interface (CLI). Which option must be specified to cause the function to be invoked asynchronously? 
     Ans: Set the –invocation-type option to Event

13. A Developer recently created an Amazon DynamoDB table. The table has the following configuration:
     Primary partition key: userid (string)
     Primary sort key: -
The Developer attempted to add two items for userid “user0001” with unique timestamps and received an error for the second item stating: “The conditional request failed”.
What MUST the Developer do to resolve the issue?
     Ans: Recreate the table with a composite key consisting of userid and timestamp

14. A Developer is trying to make API calls using AWS SDK. The IAM user credentials used by the application require multi-factor authentication for all API calls.
Which method should the Developer use to access the multi-factor authentication protected API?
     Ans: GetSessionToken

15. A software firm is introducing a multimedia application that allows guest users to sample content before deciding to fully register. The company requires a mechanism that can identify users who have already created an account and to monitor the quantity of guest users who ultimately register.
What two actions would best satisfy these needs? (Select TWO.)
     Ans: Implement AWS IAM roles to provide distinct permissions for guest users and registered users
          Use Amazon Cognito User Pools for managing user registration and authentication

16. A Developer must deploy a new AWS Lambda function using an AWS CloudFormation template. Which procedures will deploy a Lambda function? (Select TWO.)
     Ans: Create an AWS::Lambda::Function resource in the template, then write the code directly inside the CloudFormation template
          Upload a ZIP file containing the function code to Amazon S3, then add a reference to it in an AWS::Lambda::Function resource in the template

17. A Developer is deploying an update to a serverless application that includes AWS Lambda using the AWS Serverless Application Model (SAM). The traffic needs to move from the old Lambda version to the new Lambda version gradually, within the shortest period of time. Which deployment configuration is MOST suitable for these requirements?
     Ans: CodeDeployDefault.LambdaCanary10Percent5Minutes

18. A company is migrating several applications to the AWS cloud. The security team has strict security requirements and mandate that a log of all API calls to AWS resources must be maintained.
Which AWS service should be used to record this information for the security team?
     Ans: CloudTrail

19. An application running on a fleet of EC2 instances use the AWS SDK for Java to copy files into several AWS buckets using access keys stored in environment variables. A Developer has modified the instances to use an assumed IAM role with a more restrictive policy that allows access to only one bucket.
However, after applying the change the Developer logs into one of the instances and is still able to write to all buckets. What is the MOST likely explanation for this situation?
     Ans: The AWS credential provider looks for instance profile credentials last
     *NOTE:
     The default credential provider chain looks for credentials in this order:
          i. Environment variables AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID, AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY 
          ii. Java system properties–aws.accessKeyId and aws.secretKey
          iii. The default credential profiles file– typically located at ~/.aws/credentials
          iv. Amazon ECS container credentials
          v. Instance profile credentials

20. An Amazon DynamoDB table will store authentication credentials for a mobile app. The table must be secured so only a small group of Developers are able to access it.
How can table access be secured according to this requirement and following AWS best
 practice?
     Ans: Attach a permissions policy to an IAM group containing the Developer’s IAM user accounts that grants access to the table (DynamoDB supports identity-based policies only, doesn't support resource based policy)

21. A company is using Amazon CloudFront to provide low-latency access to a web application to its global users. The organization must encrypt all traffic between users and CloudFront, and all traffic between CloudFront and the web application.
How can these requirements be met? (Select TWO.)
     Ans: Set the Origin Protocol Policy to “HTTPS Only
          Set the Viewer Protocol Policy to “HTTPS Only” or “Redirect HTTP to HTTPS
     (Requires encryption of in-flight data which can be done by implementing HTTPS. To do this the organization must configure the Origin Protocol Policy and the Viewer Protocol Policy on the CloudFront Distribution.)

22. A three tier web application has been deployed on Amazon EC2 instances using Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling. The EC2 instances in the web tier sometimes receive bursts of traffic and the application tier cannot scale fast enough to keep up with messages sometimes resulting in message loss.
How can a Developer decouple the application to prevent loss of messages?
     Ans: Add an Amazon SQS queue between the web tier and the application tier

23. A company uses Amazon SQS to decouple an online application that generates memes. The SQS consumers poll the queue regularly to keep throughput high and this is proving to be costly and resource intensive. A Developer has been asked to review the system and propose changes that can reduce costs and the number of empty responses.
What would be the BEST approach to MINIMIZING cost?
     Ans: Set the Imaging queue ReceiveMessageWaitTimeSeconds attribute to 20 seconds

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Practice test 5

1. A multimedia streaming service wants to migrate its user authentication system to AWS. The system keeps user session data during an active session, which is crucial for seamless user experience. The new system needs to be fault-tolerant, highly scalable natively, and any service disruption must not affect user experience.
What is the best option to store the user session data?
     Ans: Store the user session data in Amazon ElastiCache

2. An AWS Lambda function must be connected to an Amazon VPC private subnet that does not have Internet access. The function also connects to an Amazon DynamoDB table. What MUST a Developer do to enable access to the DynamoDB table?
     Ans: VPC endpoint

3. A Developer has joined a team and needs to connect to the AWS CodeCommit repository using SSH. What should the Developer do to configure access using Git?
     Ans: Generate an SSH public and private key. Upload the public key to the Developer’s IAM account

4. A Developer has created a serverless function that processes log files. The function should be invoked once every 15 minutes. How can the Developer automatically invoke the function using serverless services?
     Ans: Create an Amazon CloudWatch Events rule that is scheduled to run and invoke the function

5. A three-tier application is being migrated from an on-premises data center. The application includes an Apache Tomcat web tier, an application tier running on Linux, and a MySQL back end. A Developer must refactor the application to run on the AWS cloud. The cloud-based application must be fault tolerant and elastic.
How can the Developer refactor the web tier and application tier? (Select TWO.)
     Ans: Create an Auto Scaling group of EC2 instances for both the web tier and application tier
     Implement an Elastic Load Balancer for both the web tier and the application tier

6. An online multiplayer game employs Amazon API Gateway WebSocket APIs with an HTTP backend. The game developer needs to add a feature that identifies players with unstable connections who repeatedly join and leave the game. The developer also wants the ability to disconnect such players from the game.
What two modifications should the developer implement in the game to fulfill these requirements? (Select TWO.)
     Ans: Implement $connect and $disconnect routes in the backend service
          Add logic to track the player's connection status using Amazon DynamoDB in the backend service

7. A Developer is managing an application that includes an Amazon SQS queue. The consumers that process the data from the queue are connecting in short cycles and the queue often does not return messages. The cost for API calls is increasing. How can the Developer optimize the retrieval of messages and reduce cost?
     Ans: Call the ReceiveMessage API with the WaitTimeSeconds parameter set to 20

8. How can a Developer view a summary of proposed changes to an AWS CloudFormation stack without implementing the changes in production?
     Ans: create a change set 

9. A monitoring application that keeps track of a large eCommerce website uses Amazon Kinesis for data ingestion. During periods of peak data rates, the Kinesis stream cannot keep up with the incoming data.
What step will allow Kinesis data streams to accommodate the traffic during peak hours?
     Ans: Increase the shard count of the stream using UpdateShardCount

10. What does an Amazon SQS delay queue accomplish?
     Ans: Messages are hidden for a configurable amount of time when they are first added to the queue

11. An Amazon Kinesis Data Stream has recently been configured to receive data from sensors in a manufacturing facility. A consumer EC2 instance is configured to process the data every 48 hours and save processing results to an Amazon RedShift data warehouse. Testing has identified a large amount of data is missing. A review of monitoring logs has identified that the sensors are sending data correctly and the EC2 instance is healthy. What is the MOST likely explanation for this issue?
     Ans: Records are retained for 24 hours in the Kinesis Data Stream by default

12. A Developer needs to restrict all users and roles from using a list of API actions within a member account in AWS Organizations. The Developer needs to deny access to a few specific API actions. What is the MOST efficient way to do this?
     Ans: Create a deny list and specify the API actions to deny

13. A Developer needs to run some code using Lambda in response to an event and forward the execution result to another application using a pub/sub notification.
How can the Developer accomplish this?
     Ans: Configure a Lambda “on success” destination and route the execution results to Amazon SNS

14. A Developer is writing an AWS Lambda function that processes records from an Amazon Kinesis Data Stream. The Developer must write the function so that it sends a notice to Administrators if it fails to process a batch of records.
How should the Developer write the function?
     Ans: Configure an Amazon SNS topic as an on-failure destination

15. A Developer has created an AWS Lambda function in a new AWS account. The function is expected to be invoked 40 times per second and the execution duration will be around 100 seconds. What MUST the Developer do to ensure there are no errors?
     Ans: Contact AWS Support to increase the concurrent execution limits

16. A Developer is migrating Docker containers to Amazon ECS. A large number of containers will be deployed across some newly deployed ECS containers instances using the same instance type. High availability is provided within the microservices architecture. Which task placement strategy requires the LEAST configuration for this scenario?
     Ans: random (requires least configuration)

17. A Developer has setup an Amazon Kinesis Data Stream with 6 shards to ingest a maximum of 2000 records per second. An AWS Lambda function has been configured to process these records. In which order will these records be processed?
     Ans: Lambda will receive each record in the exact order it was placed into the shard. There is no guarantee of order across shards

18. A Developer is deploying an Amazon ECS update using AWS CodeDeploy. In the appspec.yaml file, which of the following is a valid structure for the order of hooks that should be specified?
     Ans: BeforeInstall > AfterInstall > AfterAllowTestTraffic > BeforeAllowTraffic > AfterAllowTraffic

19. A Development team are deploying an AWS Lambda function that will be used by a production application. The function code will be updated regularly, and new versions will be published. The development team do not want to modify application code to point to each new version.
How can the Development team setup a static ARN that will point to the latest published version?
     Ans: Setup an Alias that will point to the latest version






