https://cognizant.udemy.com/course/aws-certified-developer-associate-dva-c01/learn/quiz/4517280/result/1154568724#overview

1. A company has a workload that requires 14,000 consistent IOPS for data that must be durable and secure. The compliance standards of the company state that the data should be secure at every stage of its lifecycle on all of the EBS volumes they use.
Which of the following statements are true regarding data security on EBS?
Ans: EBS volumes support both in flight encryption and encryption at rest using KMS

2. A large firm stores its static data assets on Amazon S3 buckets. Each service line of the firm has its own AWS account. For a business use case, the Finance department needs to give access to their S3 bucket's data to the Human Resources department.
Which of the below options is NOT feasible for cross-account access of S3 bucket objects?
Ans: Use IAM roles and resource-based policies delegate access across accounts within different partitions via programatic access only (Wrong, it's possible in only single partition)

3. After a test deployment in ElasticBeanstalk environment, a developer noticed that all accumulated Amazon EC2 burst balances were lost.Which of the following options can lead to this behavior?
Ans: The deployment was either run with immutable updates or in traffic splitting mode

4. A development team has deployed a REST API in Amazon API Gateway to two different stages - a test stage and a prod stage. The test stage is used as a test build and the prod stage as a stable build. After the updates have passed the test, the team wishes to promote the test stage to the prod stage. Which of the following represents the optimal solution for this use-case?
Ans: Update stage variable value from the stage name of test to that of prod

5. You are responsible for an application that runs on multiple Amazon EC2 instances. In front of the instances is an Internet-facing load balancer that takes requests from clients over the internet and distributes them to the EC2 instances. A health check is configured to ping the index.html page found in the root directory for the health status. When accessing the website via the internet visitors of the website receive timeout errors. What should be checked first to resolve the issue?
Ans: Security Group

6. Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) has a set of APIs for various actions supported by the service. As a developer associate, which of the following would you identify as correct regarding the CreateQueue API? (Select two)
Ans: You can't change the queue type after you create it, The visibility timeout value for the queue is in seconds, which defaults to 30 seconds

7. The development team at an e-commerce company is preparing for the upcoming Thanksgiving sale. The product manager wants the development team to implement appropriate caching strategy on Amazon ElastiCache to withstand traffic spikes on the website during the sale. A key requirement is to facilitate consistent updates to the product prices and product description, so that the cache never goes out of sync with the backend. As a Developer Associate, which of the following solutions would you recommend for the given use-case?
Ans: Use a caching strategy to write to the backend first and then invalidate the cache

8. As a developer, you are working on creating an application using AWS Cloud Development Kit (CDK). Which of the following represents the correct order of steps to be followed for creating an app using AWS CDK?
Ans: Create the app from a template provided by AWS CDK -> Add code to the app to create resources within stacks -> Build the app (optional) -> Synthesize one or more stacks in the app -> Deploy stack(s) to your AWS account

9. A company would like to migrate the existing application code from a GitHub repository to AWS CodeCommit. As an AWS Certified Developer Associate, which of the following would you recommend for migrating the cloned repository to CodeCommit over HTTPS?
Ans: Use Git credentials generated from IAM

10. A .NET developer team works with many ASP.NET web applications that use EC2 instances to host them on IIS. The deployment process needs to be configured so that multiple versions of the application can run in AWS Elastic Beanstalk. One version would be used for development, testing, and another version for load testing. Which of the following methods do you recommend?
Ans: Define a dev environment with a single instance and a 'load test' environment that has settings close to production environment

11. A company has built its technology stack on AWS serverless architecture for managing all its business functions. To expedite development for a new business requirement, the company is looking at using pre-built serverless applications. Which AWS service represents the easiest solution to address this use-case?
Ans: AWS Serverless Application Repository (SAR)

12. You have migrated an on-premise SQL Server database to an Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) database attached to a VPC inside a private subnet. Also, the related Java application, hosted on-premise, has been moved to an Amazon Lambda function. Which of the following should you implement to connect AWS Lambda function to its RDS instance?
Ans: Configure Lambda to connect to VPC with private subnet and Security Group needed to access RDS

13. You are getting ready for an event to show off your Alexa skill written in JavaScript. As you are testing your voice activation commands you find that some intents are not invoking as they should and you are struggling to figure out what is happening. You included the following code console.log(JSON.stringify(this.event)) in hopes of getting more details about the request to your Alexa skill. You would like the logs stored in an Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) bucket named MyAlexaLog. How do you achieve this?
Ans: Use CloudWatch integration feature with S3

14. A pharmaceutical company uses Amazon EC2 instances for application hosting and Amazon CloudFront for content delivery. A new research paper with critical findings has to be shared with a research team that is spread across the world. Which of the following represents the most optimal solution to address this requirement without compromising the security of the content?
Ans: Use CloudFront signed URL feature to control access to the file

15. A development team has configured inbound traffic for the relevant ports in both the Security Group of the EC2 instance as well as the Network Access Control List (NACL) of the subnet for the EC2 instance. The team is, however, unable to connect to the service running on the Amazon EC2 instance. As a developer associate, which of the following will you recommend to fix this issue?
Ans: Security Groups are stateful, so allowing inbound traffic to the necessary ports enables the connection. Network ACLs are stateless, so you must allow both inbound and outbound traffic 

16. An e-commerce company uses AWS CloudFormation to implement Infrastructure as Code for the entire organization. Maintaining resources as stacks with CloudFormation has greatly reduced the management effort needed to manage and maintain the resources. However, a few teams have been complaining of failing stack updates owing to out-of-band fixes running on the stack resources. Which of the following is the best solution that can help in keeping the CloudFormation stack and its resources in sync with each other?
Ans: Use Drift Detection feature of CloudFormation

17. An e-commerce company has multiple EC2 instances operating in a private subnet which is part of a custom VPC. These instances are running an image processing application that needs to access images stored on S3. Once each image is processed, the status of the corresponding record needs to be marked as completed in a DynamoDB table. How would you go about providing private access to these AWS resources which are not part of this custom VPC?
Ans: Create a separate gateway endpoint for S3 and DynamoDB each. Add two new target entries for these two gateway endpoints in the route table of the custom VPC

18. A junior developer working on ECS instances terminated a container instance in Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) as per instructions from the team lead. But the container instance continues to appear as a resource in the ECS cluster. As a Developer Associate, which of the following solutions would you recommend to fix this behavior?
Ans: You terminated the container instance while it was in STOPPED state, that lead to this synchronization issues - If you terminate a container instance while it is in the STOPPED state, that container instance isn't automatically removed from the cluster. You will need to deregister your container instance in the STOPPED state by using the Amazon ECS console or AWS Command Line Interface. Once deregistered, the container instance will no longer appear as a resource in your Amazon ECS cluster.

19. A website serves static content from an Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket and dynamic content from an application load balancer. The user base is spread across the world and latency should be minimized for a better user experience. Which technology/service can help access the static and dynamic content while keeping the data latency low?
Ans: Configure CloudFront with multiple origins to serve both static and dynamic content at low latency to global users

20. A junior developer has been asked to configure access to an Amazon EC2 instance hosting a web application. The developer has configured a new security group to permit incoming HTTP traffic from 0.0.0.0/0 and retained any default outbound rules. A custom Network Access Control List (NACL) connected with the instance's subnet is configured to permit incoming HTTP traffic from 0.0.0.0/0 and retained any default outbound rules. Which of the following solutions would you suggest if the EC2 instance needs to accept and respond to requests from the internet?
Ans: An outbound rule must be added to the Network ACL (NACL) to allow the response to be sent to the client on the ephemeral port range

21. A security company is requiring all developers to perform server-side encryption with customer-provided encryption keys when performing operations in AWS S3. Developers should write software with C# using the AWS SDK and implement the requirement in the PUT, GET, Head, and Copy operations. Which of the following encryption methods meets this requirement? 
Ans: SSE-C

22. A developer is defining the signers that can create signed URLs for their Amazon CloudFront distributions. Which of the following statements should the developer consider while defining the signers? (Select two)
Ans: When you create a signer, the public key is with CloudFront and private key is used to sign a portion of URL
     When you use the root user to manage CloudFront key pairs, you can only have up to two active CloudFront key pairs per AWS account

23. A developer has created a new Application Load Balancer but has not registered any targets with the target groups. Which of the following errors would be generated by the Load Balancer?
Ans: HTTP 503: Service unavailable - The Load Balancer generates the HTTP 503 when the target groups for the load balancer have no registered targets.

24. While defining a business workflow as state machine on AWS Step Functions, a developer has configured several states. Which of the following would you identify as the state that represents a single unit of work performed by a state machine?
Ans: "HelloWorld": {
        "Type": "Task",
        "Resource": "arn:aws:lambda:us-east-1:123456789012:function:HelloFunction",
        "Next": "AfterHelloWorldState",
        "Comment": "Run the HelloWorld Lambda function"
      }

25. A Developer at a company is working on a CloudFormation template to set up resources. Resources will be defined using code and provisioned based on certain conditions defined in the Conditions section. Which section of a CloudFormation template cannot be associated with Condition?
Ans: Parameters - Parameters enable you to input custom values to your CloudFormation template each time you create or update a stack. 

26. A firm runs its technology operations on a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances. The firm needs a certain software to be available on the instances to support their daily workflows. The developer team has been told to use the user data feature of EC2 instances. Which of the following are true about the user data EC2 configuration? ( Select two)
Ans: By default, scripts entered as user data are executed with root user privileges 
     By default, user data runs only during the boot cycle when you first launch an instance

27. A development team at a social media company uses AWS Lambda for its serverless stack on AWS Cloud. For a new deployment, the Team Lead wants to send only a certain portion of the traffic to the new Lambda version. In case the deployment goes wrong, the solution should also support the ability to roll back to a previous version of the Lambda function, with MIMINUM downtime for the application. As a Developer Associate, which of the following options would you recommend to address this use-case?
Ans: Set up the application to use an alias that points to the current version. Deploy the new version of the code and configure the alias to send 10% of the users to this new version. If the deployment goes wrong, reset the alias to point all traffic to the current version

28. A company wants to automate its order fulfillment and inventory tracking workflow. Starting from order creation to updating inventory to shipment, the entire process has to be tracked, managed and updated automatically. Which of the following would you recommend as the most optimal solution for this requirement?
Ans: Use AWS Step Functions to coordinate and manage the components of order management and inventory tracking workflow - AWS Step Functions is a serverless function orchestrator that makes it easy to sequence AWS Lambda functions and multiple AWS services into business-critical applications.

29. A developer from your team has configured the load balancer to route traffic equally between instances or across Availability Zones. However, Elastic Load Balancing (ELB) routes more traffic to one instance or Availability Zone than the others. Why is this happening and how can it be fixed? (Select two)
Ans: Sticky sessions are enabled for the load balancer
     Instances of a specific capacity type aren’t equally distributed across Availability Zones

30. Your company has been hired to build a resilient mobile voting app for an upcoming music award show that expects to have 5 to 20 million viewers. The mobile voting app will be marketed heavily months in advance so you are expected to handle millions of messages in the system. You are configuring Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) queues for your architecture that should receive messages from 20 KB to 200 KB. Is it possible to send these messages to SQS?
Ans: Yes, the max message size is 256KB

31. A development team wants to build an application using serverless architecture. The team plans to use AWS Lambda functions extensively to achieve this goal. The developers of the team work on different programming languages like Python, .NET and Javascript. The team wants to model the cloud infrastructure using any of these programming languages. Which AWS service/tool should the team use for the given use-case?
Ans: AWS Cloud Development Kit (CDK)

=============================================

Practice test 1

1. You have created an Elastic Load Balancer that has marked all the EC2 instances in the target group as unhealthy. Surprisingly, when you enter the IP address of the EC2 instances in your web browser, you can access your website.
What could be the reason your instances are being marked as unhealthy? (Select two)
     Ans:  The security group of the EC2 instance does not allow for traffic from the security group of the Application Load Balancer

     The route for the health check is misconfigured

2. An e-commerce company has developed an API that is hosted on Amazon ECS. Variable traffic spikes on the application are causing order processing to take too long. The application processes orders using Amazon SQS queues. The ApproximateNumberOfMessagesVisible metric spikes at very high values throughout the day which triggers the CloudWatch alarm. Other ECS metrics for the API containers are well within limits.
As a Developer Associate, which of the following will you recommend for improving performance while keeping costs low?
     Ans: Use backlog per instance metric with target tracking scaling policy

3. A data analytics company processes Internet-of-Things (IoT) data using Amazon Kinesis. The development team has noticed that the IoT data feed into Kinesis experiences periodic spikes. The PutRecords API call occasionally fails and the logs show that the failed call returns the response shown below: 
{
     "ErrorCode": "ProvisionedThroughputExceededException",
     "ErrorMessage": "Rate exceeded for shard shardId-000000000001 in stream exampleStreamName under account 111111111111."
}
     Ans: Use an error retry and exponential backoff mechanism
          Decrease the frequency or size of your requests
     To address the given use case, you can apply these best practices:
          i. Reshard your stream to increase the number of shards in the stream.
          ii. Reduce the frequency or size of your requests.
          iii. Distribute read and write operations as evenly as possible across all of the shards in Data Streams.
          iv. Use an error retry and exponential backoff mechanism.

3. Which of the following best describes how KMS Encryption works?
   Ans: KMS stores the CMK, and receives data from the clients, which it encrypts and sends back

4. A development team at a social media company uses AWS Lambda for its serverless stack on AWS Cloud. For a new deployment, the Team Lead wants to send only a certain portion of the traffic to the new Lambda version. In case the deployment goes wrong, the solution should also support the ability to roll back to a previous version of the Lambda function, with MIMINUM downtime for the application.
As a Developer Associate, which of the following options would you recommend to address this use-case?
     Ans: Set up the application to use an alias that points to the current version. Deploy the new version of the code and configure the alias to send 10% of the users to this new version. If the deployment goes wrong, reset the alias to point all traffic to the current version

5. A retail company is migrating its on-premises database to Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL. The company has read-heavy workloads. The development team at the company is looking at refactoring the code to achieve optimum read performance for SQL queries. Which solution will address this requirement with the least current as well as future development effort?
     Ans: Set up Amazon RDS with one or more read replicas. Refactor the application code so that the queries use the endpoint for the read replicas

6. To enable HTTPS connections for his web application deployed on the AWS Cloud, a developer is in the process of creating server certificate.
Which AWS entities can be used to deploy SSL/TLS server certificates?      A
     Ans: IAM, Amazon Certificate Manager
     (IAM is used when ACM is not supported in a region)

7. A startup with newly created AWS account is testing different EC2 instances. They have used Burstable performance instance - T2.micro - for 35 seconds and stopped the instance.
At the end of the month, what is the instance usage duration that the company is charged for?
     Ans: 0 secs 
     (AWS states that, if your AWS account is less than 12 months old, you can use a t2.micro instance for free within certain usage limits.)

8. An application is hosted by a 3rd party and exposed at yourapp.3rdparty.com. You would like to have your users access your application using www.mydomain.com, which you own and manage under Route 53.
What Route 53 record should you create?
     Ans: CName
     (CNAME records can be used to map one domain name to another)
     (A record is used to point a domain or subdomain to an IP address)

9. As part of his development work, an AWS Certified Developer Associate is creating policies and attaching them to IAM identities. After creating necessary Identity-based policies, he is now creating Resource-based policies. Which is the only resource-based policy that the IAM service supports?
     Ans: Trust policy 
     Trust policies define which principal entities (accounts, users, roles, and federated users) can assume the role

10. You have chosen AWS Elastic Beanstalk to upload your application code and allow it to handle details such as provisioning resources and monitoring. When creating configuration files for AWS Elastic Beanstalk which naming convention should you follow?
     Ans: .ebextensions/<mysettings>.config

11. Which of the following security credentials can only be created by the AWS Account root user?
     Ans: Cloudfront key pairs 

12. An organization has hosted its EC2 instances in two AZs. AZ1 has two instances and AZ2 has 8 instances. The Elastic Load Balancer managing the instances in the two AZs has cross-zone load balancing enabled in its configuration. What percentage traffic will each of the instances in AZ1 receive?
     Ans: 10 (distributed evenly for cross-zone LB) 

13. An organization has offices across multiple locations and the technology team has configured an Application Load Balancer across targets in multiple Availability Zones. The team wants to analyze the incoming requests for latencies and the client's IP address patterns.
Which feature of the Load Balancer will help collect the required information?
     Ans: ALB access logs 

14. A development team lead is responsible for managing access for her IAM principals. At the start of the cycle, she has granted excess privileges to users to keep them motivated for trying new things. She now wants to ensure that the team has only the minimum permissions required to finish their work. Which of the following will help her identify unused IAM roles and remove them without disrupting any service?
     Ans: Access Advisor feature on IAM console

15. Your global organization has an IT infrastructure that is deployed using CloudFormation on AWS Cloud. One employee, in us-east-1 Region, has created a stack 'Application1' and made an exported output with the name 'ELBDNSName'. Another employee has created a stack for a different application 'Application2' in us-east-2 Region and also exported an output with the name 'ELBDNSName'. The first employee wanted to deploy the CloudFormation stack 'Application1' in us-east-2, but it got an error. What is the cause of the error?
     Ans: Exported Output Values in CloudFormation must have unique names within a single Region

16. A multi-national company has just moved to AWS Cloud and it has configured forecast-based AWS Budgets alerts for cost management. However, no alerts have been received even though the account and the budgets have been created almost three weeks ago. What could be the issue with the AWS Budgets configuration?
     Ans: AWS requires approximately 5 weeks of usage data to generate budget forecasts 

17. An E-commerce business, has its applications built on a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances, spread across various Regions and AZs. The technical team has suggested using Elastic Load Balancers for better architectural design.
What characteristics of an Elastic Load Balancer make it a winning choice? (Select two)
     Ans: Separate public traffic from private traffic
          Build a highly available system

18. You are creating a Cloud Formation template to deploy your CMS application running on an EC2 instance within your AWS account. Since the application will be deployed across multiple regions, you need to create a map of all the possible values for the base AMI.
How will you invoke the !FindInMap function to fulfill this use case?
     Ans: !FindInMap [ MapName, TopLevelKey, SecondLevelKey ]

=============================================

Practice test 2

IMP: Q29, 39 

1. A company uses Amazon Simple Email Service (SES) to cost-effectively send susbscription emails to the customers. Intermittently, the SES service throws the error: Throttling – Maximum sending rate exceeded. 
As a developer associate, which of the following would you recommend to fix this issue?
     Ans: Use Exponential Backoff technique to introduce delay in time before attempting to execute the operation again

2. A developer wants to package the code and dependencies for the application-specific Lambda functions as container images to be hosted on Amazon Elastic Container Registry (ECR). Which of the following options are correct for the given requirement? (Select two)
     Ans: To deploy a container image to Lambda, the container image must implement the Lambda Runtime API 
     AWS Lambda service does not support Lambda functions that use multi-architecture container images
     
3. The development team at a multi-national retail company wants to support trusted third-party authenticated users from the supplier organizations to create and update records in specific DynamoDB tables in the company's AWS account. As a Developer Associate, which of the following solutions would you suggest for the given use-case?
     Ans: Use Cognito Identity pools to enable trusted third-party authenticated users to access DynamoDB

4. The technology team at an investment bank uses DynamoDB to facilitate high-frequency trading where multiple trades can try and update an item at the same time. Which of the following actions would make sure that only the last updated value of any item is used in the application?
     Ans: Use ConsistentRead = true while doing GetItem operation for any item

5. Your team lead has asked you to learn AWS CloudFormation to create a collection of related AWS resources and provision them in an orderly fashion. You decide to provide AWS-specific parameter types to catch invalid values. When specifying parameters which of the following is not a valid Parameter type?
     Ans: DependentParameter

6. A Developer is configuring Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group to scale dynamically. Which metric below is NOT part of Target Tracking Scaling Policy?
     Ans: ApproximateNumberOfMessagesVisible (SQS queue metric, not EC2)

7. A CRM application is hosted on Amazon EC2 instances with the database tier using DynamoDB. The customers have raised privacy and security concerns regarding sending and receiving data across the public internet.
As a developer associate, which of the following would you suggest as an optimal solution for providing communication between EC2 instances and DynamoDB without using the public internet?
     Ans: Configure VPC endpoints for DynamoDB that will provide required internal access without using public internet

8. The development team at a retail company is gearing up for the upcoming Thanksgiving sale and wants to make sure that the application's serverless backend running via Lambda functions does not hit latency bottlenecks as a result of the traffic spike. As a Developer Associate, which of the following solutions would you recommend to address this use-case?
     Ans: Configure Application Auto Scaling to manage Lambda provisioned concurrency on a schedule

9. A university has created a student portal that is accessible through a smartphone app and web application. The smartphone app is available in both Android and IOS and the web application works on most major browsers. Students will be able to do group study online and create forum questions. All changes made via smartphone devices should be available even when offline and should synchronize with other devices.
Which of the following AWS services will meet these requirements?
     Ans: Cognito Sync

10. As a Senior Developer, you are tasked with creating several API Gateway powered APIs along with your team of developers. The developers are working on the API in the development environment, but they find the changes made to the APIs are not reflected when the API is called.
As a Developer Associate, which of the following solutions would you recommend for this use-case?
     Ans: Redeploy the API to an existing stage or to a new stage

11. A development team is working on an AWS Lambda function that accesses DynamoDB. The Lambda function must do an upsert, that is, it must retrieve an item and update some of its attributes or create the item if it does not exist. Which of the following represents the solution with MINIMUM IAM permissions that can be used for the Lambda function to achieve this functionality?
     Ans: dynamodb:UpdateItem, dynamodb:GetItem 

12. A business has their test environment built on Amazon EC2 configured on General purpose SSD volume. At which gp2 volume size will their test environment hit the max IOPS?
     Ans: 5.3 TiB 

13. A developer is looking at establishing access control for an API that connects to a Lambda function downstream.
Which of the following represents a mechanism that CANNOT be used for authenticating with the API Gateway?
     Ans: AWS Security Token Service (STS) 
         
14. A company runs its flagship application on a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances. After misplacing a couple of private keys from the SSH key pairs, they have decided to re-use their SSH key pairs for the different instances across AWS Regions.
As a Developer Associate, which of the following would you recommend to address this use-case?
     Ans: Generate a public SSH key from a private SSH key. Then, import the key into each of your AWS Regions

15. A diagnostic lab stores its data on DynamoDB. The lab wants to backup a particular DynamoDB table data on Amazon S3, so it can download the S3 backup locally for some operational use.
Which of the following options is NOT feasible?
     Ans: Use the DynamoDB on-demand backup capability to write to Amazon S3 and download locally 

16. A developer in your company was just promoted to Team Lead and will be in charge of code deployment on EC2 instances via AWS CodeCommit and AWS CodeDeploy. Per the new requirements, the deployment process should be able to change permissions for deployed files as well as verify the deployment success. Which of the following actions should the new Developer take?
     Ans: Define an appspec.yml file in the root directory

17. A pharmaceutical company uses Amazon EC2 instances for application hosting and Amazon CloudFront for content delivery. A new research paper with critical findings has to be shared with a research team that is spread across the world.
Which of the following represents the most optimal solution to address this requirement without compromising the security of the content?
     Ans: Use CloudFront signed URL feature to control access to the file

=============================================

Practice test 3

1. A telecommunications company that provides internet service for mobile device users maintains over 100 c4.large instances in the us-east-1 region. The EC2 instances run complex algorithms. The manager would like to track CPU utilization of the EC2 instances as frequently as every 10 seconds.
Which of the following represents the BEST solution for the given use-case?
     Ans: Create a high-resolution custom metric and push the data using a script triggered every 10 seconds

2. A junior developer working on ECS instances terminated a container instance in Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) as per instructions from the team lead. But the container instance continues to appear as a resource in the ECS cluster.
As a Developer Associate, which of the following solutions would you recommend to fix this behavior?
     Ans: You terminated the container instance while it was in STOPPED state, that lead to this synchronization issues
     (In stopped state, container instance isn't removed from the cluster. Need to deregister the container instance in stopepd state)

3. As a Senior Developer, you manage 10 Amazon EC2 instances that make read-heavy database requests to the Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL. You need to make this architecture resilient for disaster recovery.
Which of the following features will help you prepare for database disaster recovery? (Select two)
     Ans: Use cross-Region Read Replicas
          Enable the automated backup feature of Amazon RDS in a multi-AZ deployment that creates backups in a single AWS Region

4. The development team at a company wants to encrypt a 111 GB object using AWS KMS. Which of the following represents the best solution?
     Ans: Make a GenerateDataKey API call that returns a plaintext key and an encrypted copy of a data key. Use a plaintext key to encrypt the data

5. You are working for a shipping company that is automating the creation of ECS clusters with an Auto Scaling Group using an AWS CloudFormation template that accepts cluster name as its parameters. Initially, you launch the template with input value 'MainCluster', which deployed five instances across two availability zones. The second time, you launch the template with an input value 'SecondCluster'. However, the instances created in the second run were also launched in 'MainCluster' even after specifying a different cluster name.
What is the root cause of this issue?
     Ans: The cluster name Parameter has not been updated in the file /etc/ecs/ecs.config during bootstrap
     (In the ecs.config file you have to configure the parameter ECS_CLUSTER='your_cluster_name' to register the container instance with a cluster named 'your_cluster_name')

6. An IT company has its serverless stack integrated with AWS X-Ray. The developer at the company has noticed a high volume of data going into X-Ray and the AWS monthly usage charges have skyrocketed as a result. The developer has requested changes to mitigate the issue.
As a Developer Associate, which of the following solutions would you recommend to obtain tracing trends while reducing costs with minimal disruption?
     Ans: Enable X-Ray sampling

7. You company runs business logic on smaller software components that perform various functions. Some functions process information in a few seconds while others seem to take a long time to complete. Your manager asked you to decouple components that take a long time to ensure software applications stay responsive under load. You decide to configure Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) to work with your Elastic Beanstalk configuration.
Which of the following Elastic Beanstalk environment should you choose to meet this requirement?
     Ans: Dedicated worker environment 

8. A development team uses shared Amazon S3 buckets to upload files. Due to this shared access, objects in S3 buckets have different owners making it difficult to manage the objects.
As a developer associate, which of the following would you suggest to automatically make the S3 bucket owner, also the owner of all objects in the bucket, irrespective of the AWS account used for uploading the objects?
     Ans: Use S3 Object Ownership to default bucket owner to be the owner of all objects in the bucket

9. An organization is moving its on-premises resources to the cloud. Source code will be moved to AWS CodeCommit and AWS CodeBuild will be used for compiling the source code using Apache Maven as a build tool. The organization wants the build environment should allow for scaling and running builds in parallel.
Which of the following options should the organization choose for their requirement?
     Ans: CodeBuild scales automatically, the organization does not have to do anything for scaling or for parallel builds

10. A company has more than 100 million members worldwide enjoying 125 million hours of TV shows and movies each day. The company uses AWS for nearly all its computing and storage needs, which use more than 10,000 server instances on AWS. This results in an extremely complex and dynamic networking environment where applications are constantly communicating inside AWS and across the Internet. Monitoring and optimizing its network is critical for the company.
The company needs a solution for ingesting and analyzing the multiple terabytes of real-time data its network generates daily in the form of flow logs. Which technology/service should the company use to ingest this data economically and has the flexibility to direct this data to other downstream systems?
     Ans: Amazon Kinesis Data streams

11. An IT company has migrated to a serverless application stack on the AWS Cloud with the compute layer being implemented via Lambda functions. The engineering managers would like to actively troubleshoot any failures in the Lambda functions.
As a Developer Associate, which of the following solutions would you suggest for this use-case?
     Ans: The developers should insert logging statements in the Lambda function code which are then available via CloudWatch logs

12. A company’s e-commerce website is expecting hundreds of thousands of visitors on Black Friday. The marketing department is concerned that high volumes of orders might stress SQS leading to message failures. The company has approached you for the steps to be taken as a precautionary measure against the high volumes.
What step will you suggest as a Developer Associate?
     Ans: Amazon SQS is highly scalable and does not need any intervention to handle the expected high volumes

13. A financial services company wants to ensure that the customer data is always kept encrypted on Amazon S3 but wants an AWS managed solution that allows full control to create, rotate and remove the encryption keys.
As a Developer Associate, which of the following would you recommend to address the given use-case?
     Ans: Server-Side Encryption with Customer Master Keys (CMKs) Stored in AWS Key Management Service (SSE-KMS)

14. A developer wants to integrate user-specific file upload and download features in an application that uses both Amazon Cognito user pools and Cognito identity pools for secure access with Amazon S3. The developer also wants to ensure that only authorized users can access their own files and that the files are securely saved and retrieved. The files are 5 KB to 500 MB in size. What do you recommend as the most efficient solution?
     Ans: Leverage an IAM policy with the Amazon Cognito identity prefix to restrict users to use their own folders in Amazon S3

15. A team is checking the viability of using AWS Step Functions for creating a banking workflow for loan approvals. The web application will also have human approval as one of the steps in the workflow.
As a developer associate, which of the following would you identify as the key characteristics for AWS Step Function? (Select two)
     Ans: Standard Workflows on AWS Step Functions are suitable for long-running, durable, and auditable workflows that can also support any human approval steps
     You should use Express Workflows for workloads with high event rates and short duration

16. You have been asked by your Team Lead to enable detailed monitoring of the Amazon EC2 instances your team uses. As a Developer working on AWS CLI, which of the below command will you run?
     Ans: aws ec2 monitor-instances --instance-ids i-1234567890abcdef0

17. A developer is designing an AWS CloudFormation template for deploying Amazon EC2 instances in numerous AWS accounts. The developer needs to select EC2 instances from a list of pre-approved instance types.
What measures could the developer take to integrate the list of authorized instance types into the CloudFormation template?
     Ans: Configure a parameter with the list of EC2 instance types as AllowedValues in the CloudFormation template

=============================================

Practice test 4

1. A development team is considering Amazon ElastiCache for Redis as its in-memory caching solution for its relational database.
Which of the following options are correct while configuring ElastiCache?  
     Ans: - All the nodes in a Redis cluster must reside in the same region
          - While using Redis with cluster mode enabled, you cannot manually promote any of the replica nodes to primary

2. An organization uses Alexa as its intelligent assistant to improve productivity throughout the organization. A group of developers manages custom Alexa Skills written in Node.Js to control conference-room equipment settings and start meetings using voice activation. The manager has requested developers that all functions code should be monitored for error rates with the possibility of creating alarms on top of them.
Which of the following options should be chosen? (select two)
     Ans: - Cloudwatch metrics 
          - Cloudwatch alarms 

3. A developer is migrating an on-premises application to AWS Cloud. The application currently processes user uploads and uploads them to a local directory on the server. All such file uploads must be saved and then made available to all instances in an Auto Scaling group.
As a Developer Associate, which of the following options would you recommend for this use-case?
     Ans: Use Amazon S3 and make code changes in the application so all uploads are put on S3
     (EFS is more accurate but not present in options)

4. Your company manages MySQL databases on EC2 instances to have full control. Applications on other EC2 instances managed by an ASG make requests to these databases to get information that displays data on dashboards viewed on mobile phones, tablets, and web browsers.
Your manager would like to scale your Auto Scaling group based on the number of requests per minute. How can you achieve this?
     Ans: You create a CloudWatch custom metric and build an alarm to scale your ASG

5. Your company manages hundreds of EC2 instances running on Linux OS. The instances are configured in several Availability Zones in the eu-west-3 region. Your manager has requested to collect system memory metrics on all EC2 instances using a script.
Which of the following solutions will help you collect this data?
     Ans: Use a cron job on the instances that pushes the EC2 RAM statistics as a Custom metric into CloudWatch

6. You are working on a project that has over 100 dependencies. Every time your AWS CodeBuild runs a build step it has to resolve Java dependencies from external Ivy repositories which take a long time. Your manager wants to speed this process up in AWS CodeBuild.
Which of the following will help you do this with minimal effort?
     Ans: cache the dependencies on S3 

7. A company has several Linux-based EC2 instances that generate various log files which need to be analyzed for security and compliance purposes. The company wants to use Kinesis Data Streams (KDS) to analyze this log data. Which of the following is the most optimal way of sending log data from the EC2 instances to KDS?
     Ans: Install and configure Kinesis Agent on each of the instances

8. An IT company uses a blue/green deployment policy to provision new Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group behind a new Application Load Balancer for each new application version. The current set up requires the users to log in after every new deployment.
As a Developer Associate, what advice would you give to the company for resolving this issue?
     Ans: Use ElastiCache to maintain user sessions
     (sticky session won't work as ALB is replaced on each deployment)

9. An e-commerce company has implemented AWS CodeDeploy as part of its AWS cloud CI/CD strategy. The company has configured automatic rollbacks while deploying a new version of its flagship application to Amazon EC2.
What occurs if the deployment of the new version fails?
     Ans: A new deployment of the last known working version of the application is deployed with a new deployment ID

10. Your mobile application needs to perform API calls to DynamoDB. You do not want to store AWS secret and access keys onto the mobile devices and need all the calls to DynamoDB made with a different identity per mobile device. Which of the following services allows you to achieve this?
     Ans: Cognito identity pool 

11. A development team had enabled and configured CloudTrail for all the Amazon S3 buckets used in a project. The project manager owns all the S3 buckets used in the project. However, the manager noticed that he did not receive any object-level API access logs when the data was read by another AWS account. What could be the reason for this behavior/error?
     Ans: The bucket owner also needs to be object owner to get the object access logs
     (If the bucket owner is also the object owner, the bucket owner gets the object access logs. Otherwise, the bucket owner must get permissions, through the object ACL, for the same object API to get the same object-access API logs.)

12. A developer is configuring an Application Load Balancer (ALB) to direct traffic to the application's EC2 instances and Lambda functions.
Which of the following characteristics of the ALB can be identified as correct? (Select two)
     Ans: - An ALB has three possible target types: Instance, IP and Lambda
          - You can not specify publicly routable IP addresses to an ALB 
          (When the target type is IP, you can specify IP addresses from specific CIDR blocks only. You can't specify publicly routable IP addresses.)

13. An Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) has to be configured between two AWS accounts for shared access to the queue. AWS account A has the SQS queue in its account and AWS account B has to be given access to this queue.
Which of the following options need to be combined to allow this cross-account access? (Select three)
     Ans: 
     - The account A administrator creates an IAM role and attaches a permissions policy
     - The account A administrator attaches a trust policy to the role that identifies account B as the principal who can assume the role
     - The account B administrator delegates the permission to assume the role to any users in account B
     (This allows users in account B to create or access queues in account A)

14. An organization recently began using AWS CodeCommit for its source control service. A compliance security team visiting the organization was auditing the software development process and noticed developers making many git push commands within their development machines. The compliance team requires that encryption be used for this activity.
How can the organization ensure source code is encrypted in transit and at rest?
     Ans: Repositories are automatically encrypted at rest

=============================================

Practice test 5 

1. A company has recently launched a new gaming application that the users are adopting rapidly. The company uses RDS MySQL as the database. The development team wants an urgent solution to this issue where the rapidly increasing workload might exceed the available database storage.
As a developer associate, which of the following solutions would you recommend so that it requires minimum development effort to address this requirement?
     Ans: Enable storage auto-scaling for RDS MySQL

2. A company has a new media application that utilizes an Amazon CloudFront distribution that accesses the S3 bucket by using an origin access identity (OAI). The S3 bucket has an explicit access denial for all other users. A developer wants to allow access to the login page for unauthenticated users while ensuring the security of all private content that has restricted viewer access. Which of the following will you recommend?
     Ans: Configure a second cache behavior to the distribution having the same origin as the default cache behavior and have the path pattern for the second cache behavior as the path of the login page with viewer access as unrestricted. Keep the default cache behavior’s settings unchanged

3. Your company wants to move away from manually managing Lambda in the AWS console and wants to upload and update them using AWS CloudFormation.
How do you declare an AWS Lambda function in CloudFormation? (Select two)
     Ans: 
     - Upload all the code as a zip to S3 and refer the object in AWS::Lambda::Function block
     - Write the AWS Lambda code inline in CloudFormation in the AWS::Lambda::Function block as long as there are no third-party dependencies

4. A developer has created a new Application Load Balancer but has not registered any targets with the target groups.
Which of the following errors would be generated by the Load Balancer?
     Ans: HTTP 503: Service unavailable
     https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/load-balancer-troubleshooting.html

5. You have created a test environment in Elastic Beanstalk and as part of that environment, you have created an RDS database.
How can you make sure the database can be explored after the environment is destroyed?
     Ans: Make a snapshot of the database before it gets deleted

6. You've just deployed an AWS Lambda function. The lambda function will be invoked via the API Gateway. The API Gateway will need to control access to it. Which of the following mechanisms is not supported for API Gateway?
     Ans: STS 

7. You would like to paginate the results of an S3 List to show 100 results per page to your users and minimize the number of API calls that you will use. Which CLI options should you use? (Select two)
     Ans: --max-items, --starting-token
          (--limit is invalid)

8. The customer feedback functionality for a company's flagship web application is handled via an Amazon API Gateway based REST API that invokes an AWS Lambda function for further processing. Although the performance of the function is satisfactory, the development team has been tasked to optimize the startup time of the Lambda function to further improve the customer experience.
How will you optimize the Lambda function for faster initialization?
     Ans: Configure provisioned concurrency for the Lambda function to respond immediately to the function's invocations

9. A business-critical application is hosted on an Amazon EC2 instance and the latest update is in the testing phase. The business has requested a solution to track the average response time of the application and send a notification to the manager if it exceeds a particular threshold. The update will eventually be implemented in the production environment where the solution will be deployed on multiple EC2 instances.
Which of the following options would you combine to address the requirements of the business? (Select two)
     Ans: 
     - Configure the application to write the response time to a log file on the EC2 instance. Install and configure the Amazon CloudWatch agent on the EC2 instance to stream the application logs to CloudWatch Logs. Create a metric filter for the response time from the log file
     - Create a CloudWatch alarm to send an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) notification when the average of the response time metric exceeds the threshold

10. An e-commerce company has deployed its application on AWS Elastic Beanstalk. The Auto Scaling group associated with the Beanstalk environment has three Amazon EC2 instances. When the number of instances falls below two, it severely impacts the performance of the web application. The company currently uses the default all-at-once deployment policy and is looking for an effective strategy for future deployments.
Which of the following represents the most cost-effective deployment strategy for the company?
     Ans: Opt for rolling with additional batch deployment strategy. Set the batch size parameter to 1

11. You would like to have a one-stop dashboard for all the CI/CD needs of one of your projects. You don't need heavy control of the individual configuration of each component in your CI/CD, but need to be able to get a holistic view of your projects. Which service do you recommend?
     Ans: Codestar 

12. An e-commerce company has multiple EC2 instances operating in a private subnet which is part of a custom VPC. These instances are running an image processing application that needs to access images stored on S3. Once each image is processed, the status of the corresponding record needs to be marked as completed in a DynamoDB table.
How would you go about providing private access to these AWS resources which are not part of this custom VPC?
     Ans: Create a separate gateway endpoint for S3 and DynamoDB each. Add two new target entries for these two gateway endpoints in the route table of the custom VPC

13. A data analytics company ingests a large number of messages and stores them in an RDS database using Lambda. Because of the increased payload size, it is taking more than 15 minutes to process each message.
As a Developer Associate, which of the following options would you recommend to process each message in the MOST scalable way?
     Ans: Provision EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group to poll the messages from an SQS queue







